BF2042 is better than this garbo.

Not sure what I was expecting. Just as boring as any other COD regarding the multiplayer. Campaign was a bit better than previous years but far from what I had hoped.

This is the most fun best made cod in a while. All people do is complain. Try getting better or go play Fortnite or Roblox . I’ve had no issues with game at all. Nothing but fun and good times with the boys. Zombies is fun. The new maps are fun. People just aren’t good and want to blame game 🤣🤣  highly recommended this game .

packet burst

trash game

Love the game my son and I play it all the time just so I can hear my ex wife in the background. god I miss her


Don't buy this game on steam it is such bad quality go get it from battlenet my graphics on steam are like playing Minecraft and battlenet is crisp and they won't even refund as they suck

Game got boring movement is trash.

Worst CoD campaign ever made. This has nothing to do with the gulf war. Its a zombie campaign. Save your money, it isnt even worth $30. zombies in campaign mode, so shallow, so weak. If i wanted to play a monster hunter, i wouldnt choose CoD.

>gets dark matter
>gets bored after
yeaaaa

This game is the buggiest one they've put out in a while, I was locked out of playing multiplayer for days because of a loadout glitch. Also full of AI slop.

Its CoD what more too say about it. The game is still broken as they always are. Rampant cheating as always with some. Game is always goo to just spend time and relax with non compete wise with a group of friends. Zombies has gotten better a lot. Special events need too last longer and as for using CoD points Id rather just pay money for a flat rate on a skin I want instead of the points. Because then the points become useless if you stop playing the game and Id rather not leave money on the table when I quit this game.

stop buying call of duty

pay $70 2 get shadowbanned and not be able to play with ur friends bc ur 2 good

They can charge over 20 dollars for a gun skin and maybe an operator, but they can't afford to pay artists to make something as simple as a calling card and use Generative A.I., and this doesnt even mention the pvp matches being a major problem. Avoid at all costs

THIS IS HANDS DOWN ABSOLUTELY THE WORSE COD EVER CREATED GO PLAY MINECRAFT YOULL GET MORE ENTERTAINMENT

dont get it unless you play controller

the developers are going with what a small % of players say instead of what most people want, game is boring as there is only one way to play run and shoot, what i liked about previous games is that there where different ways to play, camp, defend bomb, slowly clearing areas and not just silent run and shoot.

The skill base match making is just insane. I'm starting black op 6 with people who are higher prestige than me. I also try to play to grind the camos and its just stupid. I cant even get my guns maxed out to make it easier it take a 16h just for me to get it to lvl35.

i just got scammed. I buy this game on sale thinking it couldnt be that bad for a discounted price, i play no more than 3 games and i immediately regret my decision and want a refund but because of steam and their infinite wisdom they decide that cod would show as a dlc to warzone and i cant get a refund, my play time on warzone 40 years ago when it was good then now screws me. DONT BUY THIS GAME ITS A SCAM

Maps are too small. Too few weapons.

keep it short and simple. games AZZZZ

Same

Very nice game as good as Cold War, but needs more zombies maps and also it's very expensive to buy!

Loaded in to a garbage menu and in-game UI that looks like it's designer was payed per feature crammed in, operators look like marvel characters, the entirety of my first match was getting shot in the back from where I just spawned in from by people flying around with SMGs or getting shot in my pinky by someone with an Obrez with a scope. It is quite literally everything I hated in the past few CoD games I've played distilled into one. My fastest and only refund after years on steam.

Bought this because the zombies looked fun I was wrong they haven't had decent zombies since bo3 the multiplayer is awful and full of cheaters and the game crashes for me constantly wish I could get a refund do not waste your money

OK

This game is just a money suck that keeps taking because Treyarch doesn't know how to run a game.

bad game you get 2 taped and crashes some times

A really fun game shadowed over by dog wank servers and horrible balancing

The use of AI for the skins and firing the VAs for zombies storyline is crazy. I don't want emotionless voices for my game. boycott and do not buy this game.

Overpriced Direct X error crash simulator with fortnite skins.
The developers won't even fix simple bugs that keep you out of the game.
Active servers are being rented from temu.
Thank you Activision for reminding me again why you are terrible , i wish i could get my money back  so i could  light them on fire.

Run In Safe Mode?

It appears that Call of Duty®: Black Ops 6 did not quit properly the last time it ran.
Do you want to run the game in safe mode?

This is recommended for most people.
It will change your system settings but not your controls.

[table]
    [tr]
        [th]Yes[/th]
        [th]No[/th]
        [th]Cancel[/th]
    [/tr]
[/table]

Barely feels like a new game with grind just for grinds sake and AI generated rewards it's not even worth spending another minute. Ricochet anti-cheat praised by Activision burns in shame as cheaters run rampant in competitive and casual playlists alike. This is just another example of store with game attached, this game and basically this franchised lost it's identity with terrible skins that makes this "Military shooter" feel like office dress up party where only hireups enjoy it. This used to feel so immersive with realistic factions and skins that change with your loadout but now it's sharks killing santa claus and robots and anime characters. It's sad when game looses it's identity just to make money but that is what AAA live services are all about I guess and that does not make it acceptable.

[h1] DO NOT BUY THIS GAME [/h1]

I WAS going to recommend this game because it is one of the better CoD games to come out these past few years and the Zombies is really solid, but I can't now that they've started implementing AI slop into it. It's already bad enough that they're putting in six fingered Zombie Santa Claus loading screens and replacing proper renders with AI slop, but they're also CHARGING MONEY for AI generated loading screens, emblems and stickers in a good amount of the store bundles. 

Unless Activision decides to revert these decisions or reduce the amount of AI generated content in the game, I cannot recommend this game right now.

undisclosed usage of AI generated imagery for loading screens included in paid bundles

Why are they trying to be fortnite? Why am i being chased around by fish looking humans and a lizard smoking weed? It just looks awful and distasteful. This is not what Call of Duty used to be, its run by greedy, money hungry, low life wannabe big-time corporate scumbags who only looks to profit their own pocket. The game is ABSOLUTE TRASH, please for the love of god don`t buy this horseshit

Game for mature people but have to watch our language for kids sake......  this is a military game.. do you think the military gets communications bans for cussing..... like come on! but you greedy shits let streamers and content creators destroy the game by cheating all the time. i will never buy another COD game ran by you greedy hacks.

SBMM, ai slop, shitty 3 lane maps, the campaign doesn't feel like a black ops game. Zombies is ight, tho def not worth $70

SBMM, Hackers, Constant lag, and servers crashing. Anti cheat doesn't do anything. If you play solo your punished. Team balancing is absolutely terrible. All around not a fun game.



Uses ai content instead of paying artist, Activision keeps getting worse.

It pains me to do this, as I've genuinely love the Zombies and Campaign, and enjoy the Multiplayer (aside from the horrid maps and various bugs), but I can't in good conscience recommend this game to anyone. The reason being is the use of Generative AI and the recent VA concerns with AI.

For those that don't know, Julie Nathanson (the Voice Actress for Samantha, whose been doing it since World at War), the whole Zombies Crew, and multiple other Voice Actors left and went on strike as Activision has no AI protections under their contracts. And before anyone says "Oh well, this doesn't affect you, why do you care?"

It does. As someone whose been playing Call of Duty since the original Modern Warfare, and has been with the Zombies story since World at War, it pains me to see characters who were either original to the character (Julie and Nolan North), or new actors doing a banging job with the characters they were voicing (like Maya or Weaver). These are their jobs, and due to the nature of the amount of voice lines they would have to record, this was most likely their main job with others being side gigs. This hurts them financially, as they wouldn't be getting paid or benefit from it if AI took their jobs.

And there is blatant Generative AI art in the game, and no, I'm not talking about the six-finger zombie santa. There are multiple bundles, all around 20-30 dollars in price, selling emblems, calling cards, and loading screens that are blatant AI (another notable case is the loading screen from the Parasite Bundle. Based on the character's feet, they're looking towards us, but their torso, head, and left arm would indicate they're looking away, but their right arm would indicate they're looking towards us. A second case is a lone-fucking spear in the middle of a gladiator army standing upright, where from how they're holding the spears and shields you would think are facing towards you. But they are actually facing away from you based off of their torsos and head).

They could have done what Fortnite does and hire multiple artists, and have them create artwork for the game. Getting art commissioned by someone usually isn't expensive (to a development studio at least). Yet, this change to Generative AI most likely costed 4-6 artists to lose their jobs, which benefit no one in the end (and instead harm the developers).

And to anyone still saying "So..."

I know you don't care, and that's because you don't put a drop of effort into your life to follow a passion or dream career. But just imagine if you followed your dream career, developed your expertise and gained experience, only for you to lose it all because some new technology came out and companies went "We don't need you anymore," getting rid of an amazing talent and instead giving consumers slop.

AI-Infested disease of a game. Game-Manipulation, SBMM, OEMM, Woke, You name it, it has it. Only negatives, No positives.
You will enjoy your woke goyslop of a game, you will! Make sure to hit your diversity-hiring quota too!

[b][u]Do not waste your time and money.[/u][/b]

Listen. The gameplay is fun. But so many bundles use AI generated artwork, its insane. You'd think a multi-billion, maybe trillion dollar company could afford real artists instead of some guys who sit in front of computers typing away, making "art". It's pathetic. Nowhere near worth $110 AUD.

I will not be supporting a company that has zero respect for their artist and talent. These games are nothing but slop and I was stupid to think it would be different this time.

go to yt and watch "It finally happened. Call of Duty is officially DEAD." by Blame Truth - The CODfather.

full of AI slop, multiplayer is really bad, best thing is zombies

**Not Recommending because of blatant AI art usage, and I wouldn't put it past activision to use AI voices in the future**

Gameplay Reviews

MP: Really solid, the new maps are a LOT better compared to launch maps, the balancing has been really solid and fast enough, the anticheat needs to be better and chat bans are stupid

Zombies: Best since bo3, depending on how it keeps up it could easily be better. Needs some high round balancing so its not purely scorestreak dependent 

Campaign: I still haven't played so no comment really

 AI generated  content from now on? Activision, firing people for the sake of "cutting costs", replacing artists with AI from now - If there ever was a company that deserved to go bankrupt, this one is. Never buying another call of duty game ever again. Fuck you, Activision.

Game is RUINED by SBMM and EOMM, the servers are laggy garbage with packet burst and hackers literally just crashing the servers, Battle Pass is riddled with AI generated artwork because they didn't want to pay the artists a fair salary, the season pass skins and stuff don't match the aesthetics of the game, also when is CoD going to stop shoving this COD HQ garbage that literally no one asked for, they also had to let go the VAs for Zombies mode because they didn't want AI protections over their work

This review reflects the opinion of someone who only plays for zombies. You should not buy this game unless you were a fan of Cold War zombies, or exclusively played "that one theater map in black ops 1"

If you're a fan of the BO2 -> BO4 zombies there is nothing for you here. All of the systems introduced in Cold War were brought forwards. There is no strategy, depth or nuance to gameplay anymore. Everything has been streamlined into a flat experience devoid of the original game modes replayability.

At the time of this review all three of the available maps are incredibly shallow. They feature little to differentiate themselves on a gameplay level aside from the wonder weapons. The most complicated map we've seen features four elemental wonder weapons, each with 1 to 2 step sequences for acquisition. Two out of three of the maps don't feature the power system. None of the Pack-A-Punch quests have surpassed Der Reise in complexity. At the rate we're going, I'm afraid we're never going to see another map like Mob of the Dead, Origins or Shadows of Evil again. Treyarch seems too afraid to implement maps with deep learning curves because it'll scare off their casual audience

In a classic display of anti-consumer practices, zombies requires a constant internet connection to play. Yes, even in a singleplayer game. I've had numerous moments where a lag spike will send my character flying off the map, only to get snapped back and downed because the zombies got a chance to surround me. The always online requirement also doesn't play well with the increased aggressiveness that zombies have. Zombies are capable of chunking your healthbar at higher rounds, which means any lagspike or microstutter near a horde can be a deathblow

The game also restricts the amount of time you're allowed to keep the game paused for. If you ever spend a sum total of fifteen minutes paused during a zombies session, the game will either disable the pause functionality or save and quit the game. You are no longer allowed to pause the game and step away for more than 15 minutes without fully closing out the game session

Also this game is slowly being polluted with AI art slop

I can't recommend this game in good faith to anyone but the most surface level of Call of Duty players, but they aren't the kind of people to read this far down a review anyways

I was holding out hope for this, finally an actually decent Call of Duty that felt made by people. And it was, but then they started implementing AI. I am personally someone holds a hard-line stance against AI generated assets, replacing actual artists that worked on this game. Eff you Activision, I've already put in a request for a refund and I hope it goes through.

The gameplay is as expected. Omnimovement is fun, and the grind makes sense this time around. The AI chat-ban system ruins the whole game. I received a 3 day ban for your average, no-slur swearing. In party chat. With my friends. Who were all speaking using roughly the same language. I get it in public lobbies, I guess. but private chat is ridiculous. This game is rated M. The in-game characters swear. We spend hours gunning people down. Please, please use your brains. If this system stays, it's my last COD. Too old for this

absolute garbage. straight up servers are a toaster hit reg is abysmal and your 100% gonna lose 12 games before you win one. not fun when you shot a dude in the face and he gets the kill by putting two bullets in your leg. cod has lost me forever worst BR hands down.

Can't recommend a game that wants to try and take voice actors literal voices and market it to us without any declaration of AI. 

They use AI for almost everything else in the game but trying to remove the soul of a game and the fact the actress for SAM has been changed in the new zombies map is total bs.

The only reason cod became so great was due to the voice actors and scripts being so well done.

Cons
-  Micro-transactions tactics that are not transparent with what you "get" with what you buy.  Xmas event that makes people think you need to buy "Blackcell" right in the middle of the items you purchase with "Archies". Putting certain weapons behind the battle pass - can't get without it. - Dishonest practices
-  Weed / marijuana pot leaf smoke animation when people get kills with certain operator skin etc.  Promotion or encouragement of drugs to so many kids they know play this game that are under 18 is sickening
-  Having a separate launcher to play Black ops 6
-  Poor customer support when there are issues, purposely making it hard to get help with product once it is purchased
-  No accountability with giving out game bans.  Know friends that don't hack that now have permanently had their steam accounts of 15+ years in good standing and building +rep ruined.  Reputation tarnished forever because of bs algorithms that "catch hacking" with no legit way to appeal, explain or get proof of their actions - no accountability to public.
-  Previous methods by activision in other games have had microtransactions that were "legalized" gambling with "buying crates" in order to gain certain things in the game, including weapons.
-  All CoD titles put out by Acitivision are designed to die in a year so as to make people not have enough ppl to queue with and buy the next new CoD title.
-  The time to kill in Black Ops and a lot of the new titles are way too slow (TTK).  Game favors console player with slow TTK and aim assist - unlike older CoD titles.  TTK is so trash, people go to play in Hardcore mode to level up weapons or play in zombies.
-  All the different skins make it hard to distinguish between enemy and friendly at times
-  Honestly, I see Activision ruining the future games and one day have to answer for all the borderline illegal stuff they do, likely finding themselves in a class action law suit and someday laws to prevent future abuse, taking advantage of consumers.
-  They take away maps like "Stakeout" that people want to play all the time and force them to play other stuff they dont want, manipulating people's time and enjoyment for their own purposes.
-  Number of players on map should be increased IMO - 6v6 too little when many of us played 9v9 for years on bo1 nuketown 24/7
-  Kill streaks are meh
-  Many of the operator skins are not attractive towards all audiences.  Seems to favor a certain "mindset" of political correctness or fear of reprisal.  

Cons related to zombies
-  Activision has lost sight of what made zombies good.  
-  Zombies have health bars
-  You dont build up from nothing like in OG zombies... with a pistol and have to use strategy if you decide to buy wall gun or go for box... or go for bowie knife to maximize early points.
-  There are weapon caches around the map that make it feel less immersive like other aspects of old zombies they changed.
-  One of black ops 3 favorite zombies maps "Der eisendrache..." with bows had jump pads, teleports and other cool stuff happening on map.  Other bo3 maps a lot of thought, effort went into making great maps... the story and immersion with the characters & their one liner sayings helped as well... Those all seem lost or not done well enough to standards people expected after bo3 zombies.

Pros - Specific to Black ops 6
-  omni-movement is satisfying
-  progress between zombies and multiplayer for weapons and prestige are combined
-  when prestiging, do not lose weapon leveling progress
-  New stakeout map is fun
-  Few other map designs are also well done, not too big etc.
-  They dont have silly "ultimate" (overwatch-like) abilities like in previous titles "heatwave... gravity spikes etc"

While nostalgia and some of the old enjoyable parts of the game remain intact for me, the ultimate agenda and actions of activision do not warrant my support.  I down-vote this for all they represent and hope they are held accountable some day.

There's a good game in here somewhere, that's sadly being drowned by AI generated art, skill based everything (Matchmaking, Damage and more obscure stuff that are happening under the hood).

absolute trash, being playing cod since bo1 and never got banned once but this game they shadow banned me for for playing  just like everyone one else. DONT BUY THIS TRASH. The sever are trash 2

AI is about to ruin AAA gaming permanently if Activision sets the standard here and now. Replacing voice actors because they want job security from having their own voices replicated with AI so they dont have to pay them is sickening. They fired core voice actors over this and replaced them with shoddy new actors  (Samantha Maxis is the most notable )

You can see six fingered characters on a couple of in game screens which is a clear indicator for AI generated images, and who's to say thats where they draw the line?

For the money they charge its ridiculous to cut corners and to treat voice talent and possibly Devs like expendable trash. I wont be spending any money on cosmetics or what have you until they sort this out. They ought to Luigi whoever allowed this to happen, seriously

Using AI for artwork and voice acting while pricing the game at 60 quid is grim but not surprising for Activision. Top tier cunts of the gaming industry.

Fuck AI generation
Fuck AI assist
Fuck they're lies about not using AI for final assets
Fuck the layoffs on artist
Fuck the lack of protections on VAs
Fuck corporate greed
Fuck Activision

They're a multimillion company and if they can't pay people for things that don't look like garbage they deserve all the hate, review bombing and lowering on sales.

Cheaters still purchase the game, DLCs, and cosmetic packs, just like legitimate players. By banning accounts rather than addressing the root problem, cheaters are often forced to repurchase the game or create new accounts, leading to additional revenue streams for the developers.

Activision, do something with chaters !!!!

It's generally ok. But that is all it is. Ok

Main issue I have, my friends have a hard time playing with me as I out rank them so they are being pulled up into groups they cannot handle. So.. who wants to play with me for that?

I then get to play solo in groups that are playing HC in Core and I have to sweat it or just get owned. The MMR the game just makes it so... annoying to play. It just puts you on ups and downs all day long. Don't have too many good games, or you will have bad games coming... enjoy!!!

Oh and there are still cheaters and the what not.. but yeah that is just assumed anymore right?

A failure and disappointment in every aspect, endlessly oozing out more soulless, disappointing goop every update. It fails to satisfy any of their intended audiences whilst also losing future ones due to the horrible decision making, and proves to be a great example of how the pursuit of profit within gaming comes at the cost of disrespecting the developers and artists, while also undermining player enjoyment.

Game is not good, voice chat ban is overkill, the lobby's are always trash, bad game, never load in with a full team for warzone, overall trash

E
O
M
M
This algorithm is catastrophic
disastrous 
shambolic
apocalyptic
Completely and utterly destroyed multiplayer. Can't even warm up ever.
Every game against CDL gfuel junkies
This is it for me. RIP COD

Adult Fortnite.
Undoubtedly entertaining seeing the aesthetics go off a cliff as soon as the First Season Pass released.
It actually makes the experience worse and takes you out of it when you see this.... visual vomit take place on the screen.
I can tell this is not gonna get any better and it's gonna get much worse.
It feels like I'm on board, witnessing the Titanic as it's sinking. 
We're just killing time until a better shooter comes out. Unfortunately, it seems that we're gonna have to kill more time playing this adult fortnite for the forseeable future because it looks like Battlefield, the traditional counterweight, is flagging. 


Thank you, corporations.

If you're a PC player do not buy this game until there's a patch to fix the crashing error. It makes playing anything a horrible experience as the crash removes any xp you would've gotten out of the match or zombies game. Furthermore zombies Easter eggs become impossible to do because you have a chance you just crash and lose all your progress (even after a save and quit in solo mode).

It's so bloody fun but the crashing makes it unplayable and a horrible experience...

a waste of money and i highly regret paying for this game. there doesnt seem to be any customer support and you can be shadowbanned for playing.... 3rd place on a team. obviously there is an issue with the reporting system with no secondary check for cheating, just the words of the bad player who doesnt understand the game in last place


It is a good game; don't get me wrong. The main problem I get with it is the crashing from a DirectX unexpected error. It's not a me problem either; there are tons of other players having this problem, and it only started happening after launch weekend from what I have been researching. I suggest instead of adding more braindead cosmetics, actually fix the $70 game you made.

Alway package loss, server are horrible, Prop hunt unplayable, only glitcher props under the map

Needs to Fix fps issue on steam battlenet and other ppl are getting better fps on battlenet

The only thing good about this game is Zombies. The multiplayer was made for aim assist thanks to omni-movement. Good luck tracking someone sliding across the floor at mach jesus without aim assist. The game is packed with the most obvious wallhackers I've ever seen. Activision is still holding out hope that people will learn to love their precious and very strict skill based match making in casual game modes. And to top it all off the servers are still horrible making for some very frustrating deaths.

They use AI to make loading screens and other shop cosmetics. They do not disclose this at all ANYWHERE, which goes against the TOS of Steam and is just shaddy overall. Hell, some voice actors for the zombies cast have left the company due to lack of protections from having their voices being fed into an AI to be used for future projects. On top of this... apparently a lot of store bundles for MW3 were also generated by AI and apparently a lot of the maps for Black Ops 6 have heavy influence from AI (ChatGPT in this case) as well but that's not confirmed either.

Not to mention the server issues make the game borderline unplayable with constant packet bursts and packet loss. This has been an issue for the modern COD games since 2019 and they refuse to address/fix the problem, despite they apparently upgraded to 60 htz servers (which should have fixed the issues)

So despite how good the zombies is this year and how good the campaign is... I cannot recommend anyone to be playing this game until they address these issues since there's a very good chance the game will be taken off Steam due to them, especially the AI generation stuff that's not disclosed.

I've given this game more than enough chances and its honestly just a money grabbing scam, everything about it is designed to put money from your pocket into their's. Horrible maps with little to no thought process, why they moved away from a basic 3 lane set up will forever confuse me. Controller aim assist is so nuts that I plugged in mine for the first time in years and while rusty I was dominating every match, until of course I caught a bit of SBMM and SBD. Revenge spawns are designed to keep everyone even and you get kills for just doing damage, I have had games where all players on BOTH teams went positive. In my opinion that really ruins it for me because I have no real scale of how well im doing. Unless you have brought a skin pack don't even consider getting best play. And whats with enemy team getting best play when they lost? It just makes no sense at all. It is too late for COD. Save your money. Wish I could refund

SBMM is hot garage. All these game developers care about is the core player and selling in store bundles. $20-$30 for some stupid skin, charm, background (that was created by AI), and possibly a camo. I've been playing the Call Of Duty franchise since MW2 back in 2009 and this isn't it! they have truly changed this franchise and didn't stick to their core values. All they care about is the money. The only reason to play this game anymore is for ranked. Because playing core or casual games its still ranked with the SBMM and you have to sweet your absolute hardest to have a good game. Nothing in this game matters anymore like leader board ranks, win/lose ratio, KD. Everything is just manipulated behind the scenes. Call Of Duty really needs to go back to there core values because they are losing there core players!!!!!!!!!

Servers are terrible, constant packet bursting and rubber banding, only a problem for me in this game. And the game without a doubt uses at least some amount of AI, but Steam requires an AI disclosure, which this games lacks. So by Valve's rules this game should not be allowed on Steam.

This game is such a piece of garbage that its almost comical how bad it really is. From countless bugs to terrible servers to the countless cheaters on the game, the mistakes that were made when creating this game are slowly coming to light. Its no wonder that this game is losing its entire player base since the developers are too focused on fixing non important bugs with their game and its servers, instead choosing to wait 45 days to release the more important fixes and updates as part of the next season. Its hilarious that they think there will still be a player base for this dumpster fire of a game that is Black Ops 6 after that long.

Treyarch lied about this game--mainly the four year development cycle, which was a massive selling point. This game's development started last October at the earliest.

90-95% of all earnable calling cards, emblems, and purchasable bundles in-store utilize AI generated art and contain multiple visual anomalies. Things awkwardly fade together, make no sense in terms of perspective, anatomy is god awful, anything a junior artist would do better, is done worse in this game's presentation. "Four years of development", and we were given AI generated slop.

Performance is at an all-time low. The minimum specs required on this title are an absolute lie. After being able to play MWIII for a year straight with an incredibly solid, fluid framerate, Black Ops 6 barely gets 40 FPS on my machine at the lowest settings, using barely any VRAM. The game stutters and lags and glitches visually in ways that make it incredibly unsatisfying and frustrating to play. "Four years of development", and the game is incredibly unstable.

The game launched with 33 guns, the same as MWIII, which was a borderline DLC for MWII and carried forward every weapon from that game as well. "Four years of development", and we were given the same amount of weapons as a game that was made in less than one year.

The game lacks game modes in multiplayer. While sledgehammer brought back classics such as Safeguard (escort), Demolition, Capture the Flag, War, and experimented with more unique game modes such as G3T H1GH3R in MWIII, Treyarch has opted instead to take out all of the fan favorite modes we received last year in favor of the mundane ones that every COD title has. Hardpoint, Dom, and that's about it when it comes to respawn modes. "Four years of development", and players have no game modes to choose from.

The maps are abysmal. I have not played with a single person who finds any of the maps in this game enjoyable to any capacity. Treyarch in 2024 is unfortunately entirely incompetent when it comes to designing enjoyable, fleshed out, well-flowing maps, and instead creates a giant plane with a mish-mash of objects to create some semblance of cover. The spawns are horrible, the maps have zero flow and are unsatisfying, and being an objective player feels worse than ever. "Four years of development", and we are given quite possibly the worst call of duty launch maps of all time.

I do not believe Treyarch is the development juggernaut they were a decade ago. They now underdeliver, lie to their fanbase, insult their intelligence through usage of AI, and create unstable buggy messes. As somebody who has unlocked both Nebula camo, Dark Matter camo, and reached prestige master in BO6, I would recommend you wait until about halfway through season 2 or maybe even season 3 before considering spending your money. As of right now the game is an unstable mess and lacks good content. 

MWIII was leagues better than this and I never realized how much I took Sledgehammer's QA team, map designers, and multiplayer team as a whole for granted. Considering going back.

The game was generally pretty fun until I got shadowbanned from the game. I now cannot load into games for about 10 minutes and once I finally load into a game it puts me in a lobby filled with blatant spinbotters and wallhackers. After looking it up, turns out if you get reported several times even if you are not hacking you get shadowbanned and then can't play. I've never once cheated in a video game and now I can't play the game. bad game

Such a meh game, it feels like every cod besides cold war in recent years but with some "touch ups" to movement which really means its about the same. Campaign was alright till it got freaky and ended up not really explaining much and multiplayer is obviously the worst out of the 3 game modes. Zombies would be great for me personally if there wasn't so many bosses that spawn after round 15 and increase the higher round you go. Idk how you can add like 3 to 4 alright features and then just shove a bunch of other useless crap in as well. If only cod wasn't a fortnite clone anymore then maybe this franchise would have an identity again. Rest in piece using real life history to tie into the games lore and make everything a helluva lot more interesting because at it stands this game, and probably every other after it, is boring and uninspired.

I bought this for the single player campaign, which was excellent and very well polished. It did get a little Max Payne meets Heretic at some points which was a bit weird. But good none the less. 
I tried multilayer but wasn't keen. As well as being in the same server as people far better than me, I found the key combinations were too complex to be able to master the moves for me personally, being an older, sausage-fingered gamer.
Although it IS expensive just for a few hours of play I don't regret buying it but it's uninstalled now as I ran out of patience with multilayer and being stuck on the same Christmas map round after round.

Would be nice to actually play the fucking game I paid for but nope in limited matchmaking due to salty players reports, fucking a joke of a system to allow players to basically issue bans in such a toxic game already. Ill be issuing a chargeback on my card due to being denied a service I paid for. Im not even that good with a 1.50 kd I get shadow banned, this game could be ran better by children.

Sub-Par Launcher: Check
Predatory sales model: BIG Check.
Awful Engagement Based Matchmaking: Check.
Plays like every other COD game: Check.
Rage inducing 'hit detection' problems: Check.
Regret: Check.

You think you know what you're buying, and you're probably about 90% right. Just imagine that, but more frustrating, and more reminders to buy your battle pass and that skin and here's a freebie come look deep in our store to find it and LOOK AT THIS EVENT play for about 15 hours in the next 3 days and get a gun that we intentionally didn't release just to encourage you to keep playing!

Think that's it for me. Last time, last COD. Shareholder-centric development studios and publishers can shove it.

Campaign was cool, though.

game slowly filling with AI slop, gameplay is inconsitent. ghost hit markers, visual feedback is lying 50% of the time. Retards sliding and tac sprinting all over the map making the game unfun. Zombies is alright i guess.

Constant crashing in multiplayer and generally soulless zombies. Extremely heavy focus on micro-transactions which breaks all immersion in the game. I haven't touched campaign and have 0 intent to. $70, BTW. I wouldn't suggest picking this up unless it were on sale for <$40.

clunkiest piece of shit game I've every layed my hands on. why the fuck is a level 1 player playing in a lobby full of lvl 55s . my kd is 1.35 not great it's just OK so, why is it me a lvl 30 and my friend lvl 30 end up in a game full of lvl 55s who are RANKED PLAYERS. why is it my team where i'm the highest lvl always gets a level 10 on my team who clearly doesn't have a fucking headset while the other team are all ranked with the lowest lvl of 30. if i could return this abomination you call a game i would.

The improved movement feels incredible and responsive, I wish it was in an actual game instead of a front to get in peoples’ wallets

i'd have to be out of my right mind to wholeheartedly recommend this game. the campaign is fun, or fun as far as cod campaigns go nowadays, and the multiplayer and zombies are as good as theyve been in the last five years, but activision is the same greedy company theyve always been. 

multiplayer doesn't quite feel the same anymore because everyone i go against is somehow so much better than me (or because im really bad at it). a lot of people cry eomm, and i feel inclined to do the same. zombies is dumb fun for a while, but the launch maps were quite small, and weapon rarity being required to kill zombies effectively was an unnecessary pain in the butt, alongside horrible hud bloat making the game look terrible. the campaign is fun though, but its not anything to write home about. 

the game plays like call of duty always does, run around and shoot at either braindead ai, or adderall oding faze members. gunplay is solid, graphics are pretty, yeah yeah. it does feel kind of hollow though. the campaign doesnt deal with (if botched) historical events as much as black ops entries past, the multiplayer lobbies still disband every game for reasons unknown, and a single screenshot of zombies speaks for itself. 

i had my dumb fun with this game, and you could too if youre looking for a quick, dumb, classic call of duty experience, alongside a wikipedia-sized download, plus supporting one of the greediest companies in the video game landscape. but if you are looking to be happy with your purchase, with a satisfying, 70$ experience, stay far away from this game. i give this game a thumbsdown

This comment is solely based on the singleplayer campaign, that's what I only care about in a COD game.

COD has officially lost their souls, this game (singleplayer) feels like a filler game, like Cold War + recent MW3 but without all the cool elements and story telling.
Now they got expensive equipments to pump out as many 3D models, maps, this whole thing felt like just a MW3 reskin with few interaction options.
There's even a "Al Mazra" style map with some killstreaks, the whole game play felt like killing SNPCs in Garry's Mod.

In the first mission you can immediately notice you cannot break a car's headlight, and in later missions you cannot do a lot of things that used to work, nothing like the good old games when the Battlefield and Call of Duty are competing each other...
This is a souless cash grab.

This game is 2/10.
I started since WaW, was a big fan of MW2 and BO series, now both franchise has died, RIP COD.


*****Edit*****
I just finished the story, it felt like they just went with every pitch the dev team made, like a college student's project, the story is not refined or polished, I'll break it into 3 parts without spoiling too much.

1. Early game: Immediately you'll notice the lack of details in environments and map props, though it's different title and studio but they added a lot of details in MW2 reboot's world, it was not present in BO6. 
Upon arriving the safehouse, you'll notice how easy the puzzle is, like I said they just went with every ideas devs made, so they took lockpicking from Skyrim, safe codes puzzle but way easier with just channeling a radio then it will read what the code is to you, then a Wordle code guessing puzzle which is kinda fun but makes no sense to the keypad hacking.
The majority puzzle is child's play and makes no sense, it almost felt insulting.

2. Mid game: there is many filler missions that just give you a map and tell you to explore some point of interests, that will give you killstreak rewards, radio records and a few interactions that doesn't effect the story.

3. Late game: OK, so we have a backstory now? what the heck is all this that doesn't really matter afterwards? and why is this other character important now? why should I care about their "misunderstood" backstory? I just don't care for anything about character.
And of course there is some level of girl bossing, COD gone woke isn't news but it doesn't really fit the theme here.


Conclusion the future of COD doesn't look so bright to me if they keep doing fast cash grabs and stopped refining stories.

BO6 doesn't have that blood rush in WaW, OG MW2.

BO6 doesn't have the sick musics like WaW, OG MW2, BO1, BO2 and Cold War.

BO6 doesn't have an interesting world view or story telling like WaW, OG MW2, MW1 reboot, Advanced Warfare, Cold War.

BO6 doesn't have improvements of mechanics like AW, MW2 reboot, Cold War.

gonna boycott this shit im playing call of duty since WAW and never expierenced a bullshit like this. The actual last playable cod was Black Ops 3. Now they're using 440 GB for fkn PACKET BURST and ANTICHEAT which doesnt work??????? bro are u srs like what is goin on here??? only a waste of time and money bro call of duty era is dead since 2015 R.I.P.

Where do I start? If you intend on practicing your first amendment right to freedom of speech, don't bother. This game will slap you a voice chat and text chat ban for simply dropping f bombs. I would've assumed this game would be rated T if it wasn't for Woods dropping f bombs in my ear in between the rounds I play. If he can say it, why can't I? Be prepared to use only PG-13 language because this game is more sensitive than any human being you've ever met. Next, 90% of the maps are actual utter garbage, it's actually quite embarrassing. Every lobby is filled with people complaining about how the maps are horrendous as well, just in case you don't believe me. As a matter of fact, Red Card gets banned every single time it appears in my ranked sessions. I have not played that map once in ranked. Hacienda is also one of the worst ever maps for ranked as well, it might have like below a 10% pick rate. Oh, another issue with ranked is 85% of the time you'll be playing hardpoint because that is literally only mode this game likes to select for ranked. 10% for control and 5% for search and destroy, seriously if you get a search and destroy lobby enjoy it because you won't see that mode again for about a good week (if your lucky). I bet you think I'm done right? I'm not. Let's say you're going off in a ranked game and carrying your team, bringing them to victory, and your game crashes or your WiFi disconnects. Surely, you can just hop right back in the game right? NO, absolutely not. Are you stupid? Why would you think you can reconnect back to YOUR session and complete the match? No, no, no. You must incur a penalty of a 3 minute (or longer) suspension, aaaaaaand we'll take away points from your current rank cause screw you. You know what else is cool? Getting rid of Gunfight mode and replacing with... *Drumroll. PROP HUNT, because if you liked gunfight, screw you again. Zombies is decent. I personally think Warzone hasn't been good since MW19, so I'll leave that up to you since it's free, rebirth is fairly fun though. The overall use of AI in this game is disgusting. However, this game has refreshing and enjoyable movement and gunplay. Yet, with that being said, I can't recommend this to anyone due to how much crap you have to endure. Cheers.

Make sure you check this games store page for reviews, not the "Call of Duty" one... it seems kinda sus they are even allowed to do that.


The game is infested with cheaters. Not like your traditional hackers we PC gamers are used to. Not rage hacking. But things like DMA cheats, Xim/Cronus (Google it and you'll see the issue), the game is currently unplayable in a fun manner outside of prop hunt. The SBMM is insane when you are playing against cheaters constantly. Black Ops 6 was fun for the first day or two of playing then the game through me into games that are impossible to enjoy. I can't suggest this game to anyone and I have since uninstalled after playing today cause the new skin bundle interested me, and before I purchase it I want to remember why I stopped playing and see if it got better. It hasn't. So uninstalled and didn't buy the bundle. I'd suggest playing BF2042 over this game. And I HATE 2042. 

You're more likely to get chat banned for saying a bad word and typing a bad word than you will cheating.

The game does not respect your free time what so ever as it spends ages Preloading Shaders only to still run terribly or crash after making you wait that long (I've tried many different settings and this still happened).
I'd love to be able to describe my experiences with Zombies, the campaign or Multiplayer but I didn't get to properly play any of them.

Would recommend avoiding this game and never buying COD on PC again.

I really want to keep playing Call of Duty, but i can't even play because of random packet loss issues that i can't fix no matter how many times i tried to fix it. i feel like the servers are so slow and i can't even enjoy at least 30 minutes of multiplayer and single player. I really want to enjoy playing, but after having the game for at least one month, i'm so sick and tired of these random issues. I would not recommend getting this game

Not even a fun game. Things like engagement-optimized matchmaking (EOMM) and soulless AI-generated art designs (for both playable skins and game art) are just a couple of examples of elements that will kill this franchise if they continue to ignore the gaming community. Not to mention that they data mine player behavior/performance to create bots that mimic REAL players so that you are perfectly placed in a "equalizer match" following a good round. Don't believe me? Read up on Activision's patent yourself: [url=https://patents.google.com/patent/US10118099B2/en] https://patents.google.com/patent/US10118099B2/en [/url]

I am not ignorant to the fact that the Call of Duty franchise has been successful up to this point. Heck, I would be a hypocrite to say otherwise since I spent money on this game too! However, if these developers continue down the path they have been taking for the past handful of years, other FPS games will soon make this franchise obsolete.

I am really bummed writing this negative review because I really enjoyed Call of Duty until Cold War (2020). Ever since, the franchise has been on a downward spiral. It is not a dry, fruitless statement when I say that this will be the last time I spend a dime on an Activision title from here onward. Considering the THOUSANDS of negative reviews here on Steam, as well as the mass exodus of significant support from streamers and other gamers alike, I can confidently say that I am not alone on this decision.

Net code is terrible, lag out on a solo zombies and campaign. Game is really unplayable 80% of the time, not buying future cods if it has to be online only to access the game it’s bull****

The campaign is a standout feature, offering a lengthy and immersive experience that blends intensity with nuance rather than relying on relentless action. The addition of the HQ system enhances the experience by providing deeper context to the story and characters, while the unique storyline keeps things fresh. Visually, the environments are stunning, it runs flawlessly without any texture issues.

Multiplayer and Zombies bring plenty to the table, though reactions may differ among players. From our perspective, both modes are highly enjoyable, with innovations like the updated TTK and fresh maps adding to the excitement. The key will be how consistently the developers continue to evolve and support these features over time.

Only bought for zombies experience that's pretty good, similar to cold war zombies 

Multiplayer is a mess and with one good match you'd be put in the unemployed lobbies thanks to skill based match making with the unique mechanic of skill based damage to make sure you're doing terrible.

Activision finally found a way to use AI so they can get away with paying artists and refusing to protect their voice acting talent. The AI work is blatantly obvious and poor too as most humans don't have 6 fingers (it's like they don't even double check anything)

I cannot tell you how many times this game has crashed on me. This game is so poorly optimized, you never know when it's going to crash. I play many games and Call of Duty is the only game I have issues with crashing randomly. 
I have a high end PC and this is the only game I have issues. The game is completely broken and crashes every session and I'm really contemplating on uninstalling. 

My buddy gifted this game to me. I would have never bought this in its current state. 

The game devs are too busy making new bundles and what not to make more money. They don't care if the game crashes on you or not. Activision has proven they don't care. They don't listen to any of the complaints players have been talking about. 

This is not worth buying. DO NOT BUY IT.

Imagine having a multi-billion dollar platform that just soaks money out of the community to have a gave that is infested with cheaters. No worry at all regarding the cheater problem, however don't worry everyone, new bundle out soon! The multiplayer experience is a toss-up if you are going to enjoy your game or get a cheater. Ranked is unanimous at this point for cheating. Your platform will continue to decline as it has been if nothing changed. In the state the game is in, I cannot recommend this to anyone.

Fun game, servers could be better as their is constant on and off packet bursts. But overall fun gameplay.

game is super buggy - constantly resets settings upon logging in, creating classes/changing attachments on weapons causes  the game to crash to the main menu, and overall just reoccurring issues with servers. zombies mode is super fun, but other than that there are more cons than pros with this game.

Really is a shame to get rid of the voice actors who have been with the games for so many years just for more money

Multiplayer has become soulless, with extreme desync about 60%+ of the time and "skill based matchmaking" forcing you to hover around a 1.0 kd, you will have 1 good game and then be playing against professional players pre-firing you turning corners. Shooting first is a death sentence 80% of the time. Just extremely out of touch don't waste your time.

Unstable game. Constantly crashing and disconnecting. Too many boss enemies with too much health. Save system sucks as well. Hack writers dragged Blundell's Chaos Story out from the grave to desecrate it with their reboot slop. I should've refunded when I had the chance.

Honestly, I really like this game. I only ever bought to play the zombies and it is genuinely a lot of fun. 9/10 for zombies. I have yet to play the campaign, but i have heard good things about it. My issues boiling down to two things: The multiplayer and the use of AI in cosmetics. First off, the multiplayer. The last time I played multiplayer was Black Ops 4 way back in 2018. Ever since the new engine with MW19 and skill based matchmaking, I refuse to play the multiplayer. I know full well I will play one good game and get my ass handed to me for the next 3 games. Plus with the new omnimovement system, which is good for zombies and campaign, only makes people ever more frustrating to play against. My second, and far more pressing issue, as well as the main reason I am leaving a negative review, is due to the recent use of Ai in the cosmetics. I have always hated Activision. Always putting money first, and qaulity and its own employees second. But now, they are MULTI BILLION dollar company, and they choosing not only to use AI over real artists for cosmetics, but also replace the voice actors with AI to save what i can only assume is pennies! Julie Nathanson has been the voice of Samantha Maxis since World at War, and they just replaced with a shitty AI voice, because she refused to work under the pretense that she could be replaced with AI in the future. None of the other voice actors are safe either. Nolan North is at real risk of being replaced by AI. The current state of Activision is absolutely fucking abysmal. Fuck you Activision, and fuck you Microsoft. You greedy pieces of shit.

The match making system is absolutely garbage putting me in matches with people that out preform me by miles every single time, the rampant cheating that goes unnoticed due to their terrible anti cheat system, and there isn’t a single new map that actually flows well. None of the maps are designed for the type of game modes available.

Try to play ranked, get to play 2 maybe 3 games. Game crashes (directX error). Lose SR and get timeout penalty. Wait for penalty to end. Get to play 1 more ranked game, start another, Game crashes (directx error). Load up game again and even longer timeout penalty and get deranked from plat down to gold after solo q. Wait for timer restart game, play one game, get into next match and you guessed it, game crashes (directtx error). Now wiriting this while waiting for my 1 hour penalty timer and also losing evn more of the SR i had to solo que to get. 

P.S. Good wifi, Mid Level PC running low on all graphics, all drivers updated,.

This game has more crashes than a 16 year old Altima driver. Zombies is uninspiring and multiplayer is full of sweats or cheaters that takes away from casual play. Complete waste of money.

WANNA PLAY A GAME WHERE NOTHING IS IN YOUR CONTROLLER JUMP ON IN TO BLACK OPS 6 WHERE DAMAGE CHANGES EVERY SECOND AND HIT BOX ARE CONSTANTLY MOVING. THIS IS THE MOST RIGGED GAME YOU WILL EVER PLAY.

Fuck microsoft and their AI BS we are reaping the consequences of bullshit replacements of the actors of the zombies crew and dog shit calling cards and shit. If I knew this game would have any Generative AI used in this way I would have never gotten it. Fuck this game, fuck trey arch, fuck activision, fuck microstoft.

This game is absolute trash. Taking up almost 300GB on my pc and they can't even get the anti-cheat right. omni-movement is overrated. the maps suck. warzone is worthless. my toddler could've made a better game than this. will not put any money towards this franchise from this point forward unless they make drastic changes.

"profile was signed out", "DirectX error", stuttering, flickering, packet loss, fps drops, terrible ui, terrible servers, clunky gameplay, shady transactions and marketing, online only. this franchise is doomed. the only pro about this game is the zombies and even that has every issue that i listed.. dumb azz game. L activision you ruined call of duty congratulations. 8 studios on development, yet you can't get it right.

skill base damage is in the game if you don't want your shots to be nerfed because you get one or two good (not great or amazing), DONT BUY. plus everywhere in this game will have a camper of some type (a LOT more then what COD usually has).

Never had as much fun in a COD since MW19. 

Maps are serviceable at best. Some play well, some are really bad. The best are a 6/10 at best though. 
Movement is really fun, omnimovement is really fluid and really easy to learn yet not intrusive at all.
Gunplay is really good after the latest patch removing random visual recoil.
The camo grind is easy, fun and unintrusive.

The SBMM is as bad as ever and the price is really high (80 euros). Get it on a sale.

pay 60$ to constantly crash every game 

already updated bios and drivers
 PC dose not get remotely hot at all

Get this AI garbage out of your $70 game. Pay your staff to do work, and stop constantly going to the bottom line. Make a good game. You should have seen that we would pay for it based on the release.

AI Generated garbage for all the bundles. Pissed off all the voice actors because you wanted to use AI instead of paying them for their regular voice.

The spawns are so bad in regular online multiplayer and the maps are way too small. You also can turn game modes like "Nuketown 24/7" off, too bad it doesnt actually turn it off and you still get thrown in to nuketown every match.

I really want to love this game but it still has so many problems this long after release, so it feels like an obligation to warn people potentially buying it on the winter sale.

This might be one of the best Call of Duty offerings we have gotten in a long time. The campaign is amazing with unique missions, a great story, and that unmistakable Treyarch/Raven vibe. Zombies is also the best it has been since BO3, with great maps, returning and new systems that feel fun to play, and great progression. Multiplayer is also great, with omni-movement feeling like a great way to freshen up the movement formula. The guns, loadouts, and classic progression system feel like a proper polished multiplayer experience. 

Unfortunately, I cannot recommend buying the game in it's current state. It suffers two main issues: corporate greed and an inconsistent gameplay experience. 

Corporate greed has been present in CoD for a long time. While the systems aren't as predatory as they were in the lootbox era, there are many systems that rub you the wrong way. The overpriced cosmetics, lack of investment into game infrastructure and use of generative AI slop is peak Activision greed in action. I don't mind them offering cosmetics, but when every skin is a laser show that costs $30 and ruins any consistent aesthetic the game had in the beta, you have to know that the battlepass and store will always be their top priority.

Circling back to game infrastructure and inconsistency in gameplay, this probably the main reason I would cannot recommend this game. When the game works, it is more fun than I have had with a CoD title in a long time, with me actually getting to prestige for the first time in over a decade. However, the game is has a passable consistency at best and maliciously sandbags you or is unplayable at worst. Look up terms like 'packet burst', 'skill based damage', and 'EOMM' and you will see that there is something deeply broken at the core of this game. You will be mid-match with a perfect connection and top of the line PC but the game randomly start feeling like you playing on McDonald's wifi or your guns start taking forever to kill. Call this latency issues, CPU overload or hit registration, but this definitely speaks to something being wrong on the server end and we can't rule out that it isn't intentional. Additionally, for the solo zombies players, this issue affects you too because solo zombies games are ONLINE. So there is potential you will get a packet burst and go down at a high round due to the Activision servers deciding that it was your time to go.

Overall, the game needs work. I don't think that the Armani clad leeches over at Activision will have a change of heart within this fiscal quarter, so all you can really do is hope that with enough complaining (and wishful thinking) the server issues will be addressed in some capacity.

Graphics settings keep resetting for some reason every time i boot the game.

Clarifying this game is playable, its how the performance it does, The bundles are NOT worth buying, most of it is AI generated, Most of the other parts is Multiplayer is just unplayable at certain parts, hackers, visual bugs, and etc, Zombies is one of the most well known games, But it has some lack of performances with the Voice which is Concerning, Most of this is coming from my experience, most of it isn't as fun as you think because it now requires actual money to play for fun, Please do not buy this, and spend it on some other games, or any team match making games that is fun with friends.

At first I was enjoying BO6 for the zombies only. Finally felt like things were getting back on track again after a few years of disappointments. Now I can't say the same anymore, BO6 is filled with garbage AI art and will keep doing so if people continue to play and support the game and series as a whole. Now there's been talks of VA's being replaced by AI. At what point is the line crossed? I do not recommend spending a single cent anywhere near this game. I certainly don't want to reinforce the usage of generative AI. What a massive disappointment and an absolute spit in the face. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.

Only eight hours of gameplay there’s more video than there is gameplay however I liked the cradle. I also liked Iraq. I give it an eight out of 10 the game alone black ops six should be worth around $40 not 100 not 89 not even 140 that’s volt included Good game but not at the I price

This  stupid fucking COD HQ platform is dumb as fuck. Oh great! all my games are in one place now! They already were in one fucking place. STEAM. I fucking hate this god forsaken platform and now i can't play i, because my COD is logged into my xbox account instead of my steam, and they overlap everytime, kicking me out. NOT ONLY THAT, I CAN"T EVEN FUCKING REFUND BECAUSE ITS LABELED UNDER CALL OF DUTY ON STEAM. So, because I installed warzone 2 fucking years ago, I can't refund my 74 FUCKING DOLLARS. I HATE ACTIVISION AND THEIR STUPID BLUE HAIRED LIBERAL EMPLOYEES. STICK TO SEXUAL ASSAULT IN THE WORKPLACE BECAUSE AT LEAST YOU CAN DO THAT CORRECTLY YOU SHIT EATING GAME DEVELOPMENT STUDIO.