Внезапно у меня появилось 100 отцов и 0 матерей

The most unsuccessful Match Making ever in the Gaming sector history. Hundreds of account buyers and smurfs everywhere. People with 1k mmr buys 3k mmr accounts and guess what? THEY COME TO YOUR TEAM :) and curse your mother curse your family and etc... Dota is regret. A very good game to play and enjoy but because of this match making system, it is losing its effect. And losing players day by day.

You don't need this game, it's past the golden era

Best MOBA Game In History

Гонять нарисованных чертей по экрану? Чек.
Травить тараканов в башнях союзников? Чек.
Не отступать и не сдаваться, чтобы потом и поражение, и победа были одинаково горькими на вкус и неприятно фонили, как эхо войны? Думаю, подпишутся многие.

Игра хаотична.
Ты - часть общего хаоса.
Хаос - высшая форма порядка.

Ад - это другие. 
Но ведь чужа душа - потёмки, а своя - так и тем паче...

Включил микрофон невовремя? Проиграл.
Не включил микрофон вовремя? Проиграл.

Написал в чат? Анманнер.
Не написал в чат? Аутист.

Не стараешься играть? Слакер.
Стараешься? Хардтраер.

Враги напали на город наших союзников; Наш герой мёртв; Погиб герой наших союзников; Священная роща осквернена.

Старался, играл, устал, наделал ошибок, проиграл игру... А нужно было всего лишь расслабиться в лесу, заваривая чай. Ведь чаёвничая в лесу так легко наблюдать за тем, как герои союзников умирают об ошибки друг друга, под огнём пошлых шуток и раздражающей фальши колеса чата....

У врага всё то же самое.
Этим и прекрасна Дота.

BAD matchmaking non stop keep getting TRASH Team. Stupid VALVE . Stupid GABE !! Stupid Ice Frog !!

Good

жоская жесть

nood

Good for mental health

nakakawala ng stress, nagiging galit

Me likey

Not looking for a job, a chore or a masters degree. I want a hobby, a game, some fun. 

Fine so some I'm sure but for me not interesting in dedicating an insane amount of time to a single game to keep current.

In spite of its playable rating for Steam deck, I'm not sure how. Not only does it seem to randomly change when it accepts face button inputs, the track pad doesnt work for the mouse as so many other similar interfaces would and you are contantly switching to touch screen but even that does not work intuitively as a mouse replacement in game.

Haven't played yet but seems legit

Im still not sold on it

good game but disbalanced matchmaking

Big learning curve but it's worth it. The detailed gameplay and strategy-focus is positively challenging which makes the game so much more complex (in a good way). All my friends and bf at the time all played it through high school (2008) and into adulthood, so it's just something that I grew up with and always saw/watched around me. It's good fun with the right people, just a lot of abusive/unfriendly people on here too.

im getting errors about login steam and dc while playing wtf

best game ever

как хадить

game tolol bikin stress

Там бля, о бля, то бля, бляяяяяя...

game jelek

Good luck something, to your games valve, I like this follow Dota 2, give me please arcane to phoenix, I like this

this game is next level.

good

gaben


This game has tons of issues:
-takes up too much disk space (seriously, it's just one map and about 151 pokemons to choose from)
-the tutorial is way too long
-too many leavers
-chat is turned on by default (and abused by spammers)
-ally pings are turned on by default (also abused by spammers)
-the pokemons are unlikable, with generic names and only few are playable because of how this game is "balanced"
-matches are way too long

Ass game.

sure

Brain dead game

Visuals is astonishing to look at.

fun peaople

555

Good Game

fun to play

takes all my time, my rage and makes me hate strangers online. 10/10 would recommend

Не играйте игра гавно 


vERY INTERESTING AND AWESOME

Better than LOL, not much to say.

,eow

awful. ive been to the international twice and had a great time. do not play if you want to love your fellow man or go to bed before 4 am. 10/10

Oh, the tilt. It's real, it's powerful, and it can make you question your life choices. 
10/10. Would recommend to anyone who enjoys losing their sanity in a beautiful, digital hellscape.

Ігра научіла мене жизне, потниє мужиків послі завода говорять как жить і чо делать.Вобщем совєтую усім скачуйтє на здоров'я

Nice

min a may sat pat


good game

good graphics

Easily the greatest competitive game of all time. There is always something to get better at and learn every match you play, and the gameplay itself is crazy addictive and well polished, hero concepts and abilities and some of the most unique in MOBA and not one dimensional like league, you can tell the amount of care that was put into this game.

The only reason I'm not hopelessly addicted to dota is thanks to the terrible community and ranked issues that plague the higher mmr ranks. I currently sit at 7.5k mmr with close to 4000 matches, and across the 7+ years I've been playing this game ranked matchmaking is in the worst state it has ever been. Griefers go unpunished game after game, wintraders in every other match thanks to the genius that introduced unlimited double down tokens. Issues that can no longer be solve by a single mute button.

thanks for helping me ACTUALLY quit dota for the first time since I started playing 7 years ago I guess.


just the best game of its own kind

my first game on steam and nearly 4k hours. i wouldn't wish this illness on even my worst enemies!

bad game

the best game ever


DOTA!

very nice!

👍

32


no

good game very addicting

Good game

eadffsdsdf



อย่าลองดีกว่า

666

Много интересных кастомок, про саму кор игру и так много сказано

Nice Game!

This game gave me:

· Acne
· AIDS
· Allergies
· Alice in Wonderland Syndrome (AIWS)
· Alzheimer's disease
· Anal abscesses
· Anal Cancer
· Anal Itching
· Anal Tear
· Anxiety disorders
· Arthritis
· Asthma
· Astigmatism
· Autism
· Autoimmune diseases
· Auto-Brewert syndrome
· Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)
· Autistic spectrum disorder (ASD)
· Asbestosis
· Bad breath
· Bacterial vaginosis
· Benign prostate hyperplasia (BPH)
· Bipolar disorder
· Body odors
· Bone cancer
· Bone placement disorder
· Bowel cancer
· Bloating
· Brain cancer
· Brain damage
· Brain tumours
· Bronchitis
· Breast cancer
· Candidacies
· Cataracts
· Carpel tunnel syndrome
· Changes in bowel movements
· Celiac disease
· Cervical cancer
· Chest infection
· Chest pain
· Chicken pox
· Chlamydia
· Chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS)
· Chronic illness
· Cold sores
· Colon cancer
· Coma
· Congenital Insensitivity to Pain
· Conjunctivitis
· Constipation
· Common cold
· COPD
· Cough
· Crippling depression
· Crohn's disease
· Corona Virus
· Cystic fibrosis
· Dehydration
· Dementia
· diabetes
· diarrhea
· depression
· down syndrome
· Dry mouth
· Earache
· eating disorders
· Ebola
· eczema
· endometriosis
· Epilepsy
· Erectile dysfunction
· eye cancer
· eye disorders
· Fatigue
· fibroids
· fibromyalgia
· Foreign Accent Syndrome
· Farting
· flu
· food poisoning
· Fungal nail infection
· Gallbladder cancer
· Gallstones
· genital herpes
· gonorrhea
· Gum disease
· Graves' disease
· hallucinations
· Hashimoto's thyroiditis
· hay fever
· Hearing loss
· hepatitis A, B, C, D and E
· herpes
· high cholesterol
· HIV
· Hodgkin's disease
· Human Werewolf Syndrome
· Hutchinson-Gilford Progeria Syndrome
· HPV
· hypertension
· Immediate bowel syndrome
· Indigestion
· Ingrown toenail
· Itching
· Itchy bottom
· Joint abnormalities
· Kidney cancer
· Kidney infection
· Kidney stones
· Leg cramps
· Liver cancer
· Liver disease
· Lung cancer
· Measles
· Mesothelioma
· Mouth cancer
· Nasal and sinus cancer
· Nosebleed
· Obesity
· Osteoporosis
· Old man syndrome
· Pancreatic cancer
· Panic disorder
· Parkinson's disease
· Personality disorder
· Persistent Sexual Arousal Syndrome
· Prostate cancer
· Radiation poisoning
· Reactive arthritis
· Restless legs syndrome
· Walking Corpse Syndrome
· Shingles
· Shortness of breath
· Skin cancer
· Sore throat
· Sugar cravings
· Sunburn
· Stiff Person Syndrome
· Stoneman Syndrome
· Stomach cancer
· Stroke
· Sexually transmitted diseases (STD's)
· toenail fungus
· Tuberculosis
· T-posing syndrome
· Urinary track infection
· Vomit disorder
· Whooping cough
· Yellow fever
· Yeast Infection

most toxic community ever, ever, ever

:D

if you wanna become mentally disabled play dota

Best Moba game

Fun game, very supportive community. Almost every player I have played with has been a kind and caring individual

The Best Game

The Best Game

The Best Game

dot

only played it with friends and still don't understand how it works :DD

Best out there

GOOD

life destroyer yet fun :D

The game has an issue which doesn't let you pick your hero and sends you back to the mains screen with a ban countdown. This has been going for months, but developers don't care

just dont

:)))

asd

Searching for reviews is so herald of you

ye


gay

It's sum calm

very good

Thé GOAT of MOBA game! I love thé fact that you unlock all Heroes AT thé beginning and you don t have to spend money, only if you want skin !

almost 10000 hours game play

dota 2


stress level = stonks

fun game, still shit community

Best MOBA game ever!

Ok

[h2] DOTA (Defense of the Ancients) 2 [/h2]

Dota was primarily a map in Warcraft 3 (Defense of the Ancients) , where two teams of five players compete to destroy the opponent's base using unique heroes, tactics and teamwork. Over time, the map reached a new level and became an independent Team-based strategy MOBA game as we know today.

[h3] 🕹️ Gameplay [/h3]
[b] 1. Hero Selection: [/b]
⠀• Players choose from over 120 heroes, each with unique abilities, playstyles, and team roles (e.g., support, tank, carry).
[b] 2. Hero Development: [/b]
⠀• Gaining Experience (XP): Killing enemies and being near dying [i] creeps [/i] grants experience, leveling up the hero and unlocking/upgrading abilities.
⠀• Farming: Players kill [i] creeps [/i] (enemy and neutral) or heroes to earn gold for purchasing items.
[b] 3. Economy and Items: [/b]
⠀• Gold is used to buy items that enhance hero stats and provide additional abilities (e.g., increased attack speed, mobility, magic resistance).
[b] 4. Lanes: [/b]
⠀• The map is divided into three lanes: top, middle, and bottom, where creeps move. Players position themselves on these lanes depending on their role.
[b] 5. Micro and Macro Control: [/b]
⠀• Micro Control: Managing your hero, using abilities, activating items, last-hitting creeps, and denying them.
⠀• Macro Control: Resource allocation, team coordination, and controlling key map objectives (e.g., Roshan, runes).
[b] 6. Destroying Enemy Structures: [/b]
⠀• The main objective is to destroy the [i] enemy base (ancient) [/i], which is protected by towers and [i] creeps [/i].
[b] 7. Vision and Map Awareness: [/b]
⠀• The map is covered by the [i] fog of war [/i], revealed only in areas of allied vision or by wards (items for scouting).

https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3361727798
[h3] 🎨 Graphics and Sound [/h3]
[b] 1. Graphics: [/b]
⠀• Dota 2 has nice and simple graphics in general, which perfectly describe the fantasy design. 
⠀• The design of the heroes deserves special attention, since only from the detailed appearance, you can draw a conclusion about the hero and his/her role in the lore of the game.
⠀• Each ability animation has a unique look, and the chance of confusing it with another character's animation is minimal.
[b] 2. Sound: [/b]
⠀• The sound design in Dota 2 plays a crucial role in building the game's atmosphere and keeping the player informed. Starting with the sound of the horn announcing the start of the match and ending with the sound effect of the hero resuming the game after death. Sometimes with the sound of Techies mines :)
⠀• The voice acting is among the best in the genre, as every character has a distinctive voice and lines that reveal their personality.

https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3367671403
[h3] ➕ Pros and ➖ cons [/h3]
[b] 1. Pros [/b]
⠀➕ Wide selection of heroes for any style and taste. 
⠀➕ Regardless of one map, on which the player will constantly play - each of his matches will be unique. This is due to various hero synergies and in-game builds of items and talents. 
⠀➕ Regular updates and events in the form of free access to the seasonal [i] Battle Pass [/i]. "Crownfall" is amazing!
⠀➕ Wide choice in terms of customization. Items of clothing, couriers, wards, landscape, change the appearance of the desired ability animation.
⠀➕ Timely rebalancing of the game.
⠀➕ Game role queue.
[b] 2. Cons [/b]
⠀➖ Exclusive team game. The plot, when 1 player can turn the course of the game in his favor - does not work here.
⠀➖ High entry threshold for new players.
⠀➖ Inadequacy and toxicity on the part of most players. Usually these are teammates from your team.
⠀➖ A large number of players (smurfs) who deliberately play below their level.
⠀➖ Sometimes an update can be a new paid treasury from developers.
⠀➖ The system of selecting players for the team does not work quite correctly. Quite often a team that plays against you, which will simply trample you until the 20th minute of the match.
⠀➖ It is not enough to be able to play on 2-3 heroes. Quite often, they can be banned or the desired hero does not fit the role you have to play in the game at all.

https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3351221104
[h3] 💬 Impression and summary [/h3]
Despite the fact that in my review the number of negative points outweighs the positive - Dota 2 remains a unique and leading game in the MOBA genre, which can bring a lot of emotions and memories with the right attitude to defeats and the attitude of the other players. Yes, the entry threshold for new players is high (I say this from personal experience), but as somebody say "Practice makes perfect".

[h3] ⭐ Rating [/h3]
[h2] 7.5/10 [/h2]

The higher u go the more account buyers and account boost buyers you encounter. They don't even try to hide it since Valve doesn't care.
Valve likes money and if a person is willing to swipe for an account/account boost they are most likely going to be willing to sub to DotA+ and buy skins.
DotA+ is another very big bait in my opinion depending on what you're buying it for. I bought it only for the predicted match quality and the ability to avoid people. Most of the games that had "Ideal" predicted match quality ended up in a hard one-sided stomp.
The game itself is amazing but it has become cancer to play due to an insane amount of people playing the game at a certain rank who do not belong there and just waste everybody else's time.
Do not get addicted like myself, skip until Valve decides to give real people jobs to deal with acc buyers/acc boost buyers and not rely on their community to identify them while wasting their time playing with the same people.

worst free to play game ever . i have over 10k h in this game and toxic behaviour, toxic chat and voice and the match making is horrendous . i DON`T recommend to anyone who want`s a stress free game or any game as a matter a fact .

All that is left to say is: This game has almost reaching its limits. Me and my close friends spent a lot of time learning and playing this game and if I say we enjoyed every moment, I'd be a liar. :)
can't say my friends, but almost all my thoughts were captured by this game and progress in it. Although we learned how to enjoy it properly by playing more, but after that the energy was not like before.
Only if you have the ability and energy to learn this hard game, know that in my experience the most important thing is mentality.Stay positive and you make it .^^ 
Watch a bit of replay to learn the general mechanics of the game, but remember that the way pros play is not suitable for beginners and immerse yourself in it and don't neglect the in-game instructions and remember that you can request a free coach in the game itself.
Best of luck

I played 11.5k hours, and I feel like I wasted a part of my life on this dogshit game. For the last 4k hours, it didn’t even make fun anymore. I was just chasing a number, and after hitting Immortal, I saw no point in going on. Toxic community and a washed-up pro scene with smaller prize pools every year.

Valve seems to have completely given up on maintaining a real connection with the player base. Updates feel half-baked, and instead of addressing core issues like matchmaking, smurfs, and the endless toxicity, they focus on squeezing more money out of players with overpriced cosmetics and battle passes that offer diminishing returns.

The magic Dota once had is gone. It used to be a game about strategy, teamwork, and outsmarting your opponents. Now, it feels like a grindy casino where RNG often decides the game more than skill. Drafting mismatches, unbalanced heroes, and teammates who give up five minutes in—it’s exhausting.

I thought the competitive scene would give me some inspiration to keep going, but even that’s become a shadow of its former self. With fewer tournaments and declining interest from sponsors, it feels like the golden age of Dota is over. Watching The International used to be the highlight of the year, but now it’s just depressing seeing the lack of hype and lower-quality games compared to the past.

If you're new to the game and thinking of starting: don’t. Save yourself the frustration. There are better ways to spend your time than getting flamed by teammates for mistakes or grinding endlessly for an arbitrary rank that brings no real satisfaction.

I wish I had quit sooner.

It finally broke me.

500 long hours and it finally broke me.

This is the most bloated, convoluted, excessively complicated game ever created. You have to be a f**ing lawyer to play this. Most of the text is waaaaaaaaaaaay too small, too. The visual clutter is a mess.

Balancing is better than most of its genre, but still things slip through the cracks, like Phantom Lancer rapidly making 20 clones with no counter play, Phantom Assassin 2 shotting people with 1 item, or Bristle Back who only needs some speed and hp regen to literally sit in your spawn and 1v5 your team.

I thought League of Legends was bad about games going on too long, but mother of mercy, THESE MATCHES CAN GO ON FOR ALMOST 2 HOURS!! Don't you think after the 30 min mark, it's time for some sudden death mechanic and wrap this s** up???

They tried to solve this with Turbo Mode where most things are sped up, including ending a game in 30min (THANK CHRIST!!!), but here is also where DOTA fails most of all.

Every match is the same bulls***. Pick whoever you want, it won't matter. The announcer is tweaking out about how your teammates are constantly dying. It's not unusual to have teammates go something like 0/8, 0/15, 2/19, and 0/26. Now that Sniper, Bristle, Phantom Lancer/Assassin have that many kills, they are unstoppably fed. You now can do nothing but sit in your base and sloooowly wait to lose for the next 25 min because there's nothing 
-NOTHING- you can do now. Rinse and repeat game after game after game after game until you're fed up. 

It's not really Valve's fault, its this dumb**s community. If you're going to run out of spawn, m2 the first red hp bar, and mash your buttons, go play WoW. Go play COD. I have 2 very, very, very low standards for my teammates. In phase 1) farm, don't feed. 2) group, and fight. That's it. That is all I ask from these teammates and they fail miserably.

DOTA itself has loads of potential and is horrendously addictive, but I'd steer clear unless you need it to absorb your life. I'll unfortunately have to keep playing it. The other option is to drop $800 on the latest console so I can play the over-hyped, marketing-budget-splurging, flavor-of-the-month shooter like Halo: Multiverse Addition, where Master Chief is an obese black bisexual woman who can do no wrong, has every answer, and lectures the white cast about a narrow-sighted view of a cherry-picked slave trade no one is alive to remember.

Dota 2: My Ultimate Escape

Dota 2 is more than just a game for me—it’s an experience, an escape, and a world where I can immerse myself fully and leave behind the stresses of everyday life. There’s something uniquely captivating about the game that keeps me coming back, no matter how many times I’ve played or how challenging it gets.

The complexity of Dota 2 is part of what makes it so appealing. Each match is a new challenge with endless strategic possibilities. The heroes, each with their own strengths, weaknesses, and playstyles, make every game feel fresh and exciting. Whether I’m playing solo or teaming up with friends, no two matches are ever the same. It’s this constant variety and the need for quick thinking and collaboration that keeps me on my toes, always learning and adapting.

But beyond the gameplay, Dota 2 is my escape from reality. In the world of Dota 2, I can focus entirely on the match, on the objectives, and on my team’s progress. It’s a place where time flies by as I get lost in the game’s deep mechanics and ever-changing dynamics. Whenever life feels overwhelming or the real world becomes too much to handle, I know I can log into Dota 2 and just dive into something I truly love. It’s my safe space, a place where I can be myself, or at times, someone entirely different with each new hero I try out.

The community, while challenging at times, adds to the thrill. The highs of winning with your team and the joy of executing the perfect strategy are unmatched. And while losses can be frustrating, it’s always a chance to learn, improve, and come back stronger.

In short, Dota 2 isn’t just a game to me—it’s an outlet, a passion, and a key part of my routine. It’s my way to unwind, to challenge myself, and most importantly, to escape. Every time I step into that virtual battlefield, I know I’m in for an experience like no other, and I can’t imagine my life without it.

fun strategic game about farming by killing creeps to get gold and fighting with your selected character with its own skills and your bought items

Absolutely atrocious matchmaking. How is it possible that I, a person who hasn´t played a single match in 10 years, is put against max rank sweats is beyong me...*UNINSTALLED*

the game has become very toxic, it is no longer enjoyable.
RIP Dota2

After pouring 1000 hours into Dota 2, it's clear that this game is a masterpiece of complexity and depth. Each match feels unique, with endless combinations of heroes, items, and strategies to experiment

[b]Dota 2[/b]
[i]2,000+ Hours Played[/i]

[b]Pros:[/b]

[b]Incredible Depth:[/b] With over 120 heroes, countless items, and endless strategies, no two games are ever the same.
[b]Free-to-Play (Truly):[/b] All heroes are unlocked from the start, and microtransactions are cosmetic only.
[b]Competitive Scene:[/b] A thriving esports community, with The International offering some of the largest prize pools in gaming history.
[b]Team-Based Gameplay:[/b] Requires coordination, communication, and adaptability, offering both the most rewarding victories and the most crushing defeats.
[b]Endless Replayability:[/b] Every match is a fresh challenge, whether you’re mastering a new hero or refining a strategy.
[b]Cons:[/b]

[b]Steep Learning Curve:[/b] The game’s complexity can be intimidating for new players, and the community isn’t always patient with beginners.
[b]Time Commitment:[/b] Matches often last 30-60 minutes, with no pause or save options once started.
[b]Toxicity:[/b] Like many competitive games, some players can be frustrating to deal with.
[b]Balance Adjustments:[/b] Frequent patches mean that meta strategies and favorite heroes can change drastically.
[b]Key Stats:[/b]

[b]Heroes Available:[/b] 120+
[b]Average Match Length:[/b] 40 minutes
[b]Community Rating:[/b] Mixed (~78% Positive) due to the learning curve and competitive nature.
[b]Recommendation:[/b]
Dota 2 is a masterpiece of complexity, strategy, and teamwork. For players who love a challenge and are willing to invest time to learn, it offers some of the most rewarding gameplay in the genre. However, its steep learning curve and competitive environment might not suit everyone.

[b]Final Verdict:[/b]
[b]Highly Recommended[/b]

For Competitive Gamers: 10/10
For Casual Players: 5/10

Tuve la oportunidad de jugar dota en Sudamérica y en Europa y he llegado a la conclusión de que el ser humano es la misma mierda en todos los continentes.
38------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ :D
I have the oportunity to play dota both on sudamerica and europe, and I'm pretty sure people is the same shit everywhere

very addictive and fun. huge learning curve even at my age, do-able. watch a lot of videos to get basics down and do not do ranked till you have mastered Last Hits,you'll thank me later. A lot of strategy is involved, watch others play and use the BOT to tighten up how you maneuver within the game, helps a lot.

Do you like feeling like you are utterly useless at something? 
Do you persist inspite of everyone telling you how S**T you are?
are you a Masochist? 
Do you wish to escape from the day to day torment into a reality where you are even more useless and your peers tell you how you should uninstall? 
If the answer to thoes questions is YES 
Dont fucking install this Game we dont need any more Fu**ing Noobs
if the Answer is No than this game is not for you 
if you are still considering installing this game /...
Dont. FU

its a good game if you have the willpower to stop after 1 match, if not please go do something useful for your life, its basically like chess, if u meet someone who knows how to play decently he is kinda smart, but if u see someone god tier its a wasted life

Oldest game I played, never getting bored because of lot of changes and new champions by time to time.

The enemy team has fortified their structures.
The enemy team has fortified their structures.
The enemy team has fortified their structures.
The enemy team has fortified their structures.
The enemy team has fortified their structures.
The enemy team has fortified their structures.

this game removed my potential to became a useful dude to society and turned me into a toxic racist ♥♥♥♥♥♥. 100% worth it
 

Its a good game with complicity. Worth to try

Hello,

I am encountering a persistent issue with my account while playing Mini Dota 2 in Party mode. When I use my primary account ([Your Steam Username]), the game disconnects every time I join or start a party game. However, when I switch to a different Steam account, the game works perfectly without any issues.

I have already tried the following:
    
Verified the integrity of game files.
Reinstalled the game.
Updated to the latest patch.
Checked my internet connection, which is stable.

The issue seems specific to my primary account. Could you please investigate if there is any restriction, bug, or problem with my account that could be causing this?

Thank you for your assistance.

Best regards,
[Payton]

It's fun as long as you can ignore toxicity.

Dota 2 was, is and forever will be a broken game. It is not so much about its functionality rather than is miserably constructed matchmaking system. I’ve been an on and off player with above average game awareness. Every time I chose to invest time into this game and say, “maybe it’s worth another chance”, I’m faced with a horrible and distasteful experience. I match up with new players, players with horrible internet, players with the same skill level of a rock found on the ground, players that probably are trying out the game……It is hard to enjoy something so painful. I don’t understand how you can climb past 1,800 to 2,000 MMR when you are constantly matched up with horribly unskilled players. This cannot be fixed, it’s too late. Another amazing tragedy…!

I want more Siltbreaker, Aghs Labs, Dark Moon, all the good stuff! best modes introduced to dota 2.  (Yes im old but not as old as some of you boomers on here.)

Game is unplayable. You get muted for the slightest remark. Just pick retard afk heros and win game, games don't require skill just robotic gameplay.

a great game i have never played anything better in my jjole life there so much acition and its just great


You will get an even worst addiction than drugs that will probably makes your life miserable, miss your flights, miss your sister engagement day, and probably your own marriage. BUT HEY! its better than doing drugs right :)

Even if your, that you paid thousands for get stolen after being a loyal customer/player for past 10 years, they will not return your items be very careful while making purchases.

после 1000 часов этого ада я могу сказать что тем кто хочет сохранить рассудок(и свою семью) лучше сюда не заходить
после 1000 часов я так и не научился играть на пудже потому что он постоянно в бане
после 1000 часов я апнул 1000 ммр и видимо дальше я уже не апну 
после 1000 часов у меня уже 10000 отчимов

I don't know why today's games are so ridiculous. This game is really a crap game in my opinion. The reasons are obvious. A bunch of unemployed people play this game. The game should give you a good feeling, not a sense of intense competition. Even in multiplayer or battle royale games, we have at least good graphics and a good goal in the game, but this game is really redundant. It's a lot of volume plus poor graphics.
Of course, it has some strong points, such as the large number of heroes and the strong game archive and many characters, which is very good. You also have to know the strategies very well to be able to win the game.
As a result, its positive points are much less than the negative points, and it can be said that it is a super overrated game.

Well thought out strategic game with a lot of elements that come together the more you play. Community is extremely toxic though, so pick your poison. :D

They do have the best cosmetics that sparkle so bonus points.

Dota is a money grab!!! 20% discount on crownfall now? So much for everyone who bought it earlier

The game can be toxic with people who play worse than mobile legends players (and maplestory RPG players farming neutral instead of lane for 30 mins or more) so better to party up with members/friends to try winning. A lot of petty childish feeders too but if anything, there is always arcade games like Dawn of War to make it less stressful. Overall, being a Dota player since Warcraft III days, this is still fun but not without teaming up with friends. Stupid is as stupid does for most other players so forget about ranking and just play with a "for fun" mindset, less cancer for you.

Unfortunately the system pairs low skill players with high skill players, now competitive game play.

This game has become pay to win by account buyers who then ruin games for others, as they can't play at that level and the griefing never gets actioned on

This game is a complete garbage. Its just not possible to understand. U may get wrecked by some hero with a crazy ultimate skill unless u buy a specific item that is needed only to defend from the skill.

DOTA 2, so far the best game I've played on steam yet, the game may be complex but it is still very fun!

Best game ever created!
Side note: not to be played with emotions & you will enjoy it much more!

If league of legends is the moba genres call of duty, Dota is the moba genres csgo. Very tough to break into because most players are extremely  good while league is more streamlined and modern and easier for newer players to come to terms with

i like this game i improve my personality because of this game add me on facebook zaire villa lets chat im horny

The wide variety of heroes and perks to choose from really keeps the game interesting, as well as the multitude of shop items and combinations. Each character can be played your way and some guiders are included to assist those who aren't familiar with any specific builds. Other players can be a let down sometimes, but muting works 100%.

Please review if it is intentional or not i've been placed into low priority for a long time cause of internet problem due to an event in my city, trying to get back but still cant get into 5 minutes rule but still finish the game :( so sad

dota 2 is for gamblers and addicts. the highs are really high and the lows are really low and you are always chasing that high. if you lose a game? u can not stop for the day because you need to stop on a high.

The Crown Fall collector's cache is scam. It say's i won't get duplicate until I have a rare one. Not even a rare but got too many duplicates.

What's this? A MOBA game that isn't forcing me to install invasive software into my laptop *cough cough VANGUARD cough cough* and isn't charging ridiculous money for skins? One that seems to be fair to their consumers? I mean, it's made by VALVE. Where have you been my whole life. I should have chosen you at the beginning, Dota2. I was a fool. I should have spent my time and money here. :)  You have me forever.

If you never played this game, never start it. You will lost your mental health with rUSSIANs in every europe server lobby.

I liked this game since when I was in highschool playing dota in computer shop while the class still on and we cutting class for game


this game is not newbie friendly. almost 3 out of 5 matches there is someone whose going to be toxic.

He gastado 3k horas de mi vida jugando este juego de mrd. He dejado de estudiar y de trabajar solo para perder. Pero en grupo, las risas nunca faltan, recomendado

После хорошей игры я добавил его, потому что он казался классным парнем. Мы общались несколько месяцев мы стали хорошими друзьями. Много стебов, много отличных игр и, самое главное, настоящая дружба.
Я пригласил его в мой дом для вечеринки. Он сказал, что придет, поэтому я с нетерпением ожидал встречи с ним в реальной жизни.
Когда он приехал ко мне домой, он толкнул меня к стене и начал покусывать мое ухо, я почувствовал, как его твердый член врезался в мою ногу. Я ударил его, а затем выгнал из дома. Оказывается, он был гей.

nice game but ult that kills every one on shot even better.


This is by far the worst game ever made. Its community is garbage. No one at valve cares about the maintenance of this game. They add new heroes to keep you intrigues but don't fix the nuances of the game that make it, like turn times, and pathing. I have played this game for ten years and have never had to be in low priority. Now, since my computer takes more than 5 minutes to load, i continually abandon games because of this and i get stuck in low priority with that absolute scum of this dota earth. Now I cannot get out because of 80 minute queues, and half of the time, people are abandoning games. You can't win games when you are 4v5 45% of the time. Fuck you Valve. I will never play again.

At first i kinda having hard time playing the game, maybe i need more time to play to improve my skills.

It has many toxic players and has very unequal teammates compared to the level of the opposing team.

I have played this game 10 years ago and it was fantastic, my most played game to date, with all new updates this game has exceptionally increase its capacity to accommodate all player types and give way to a plethora of skill levels to the game.

it gives personality to moba games where you can expect it most. it was my reason for buying a gaming rig again and getting in to gaming.


in 500 hours of playing I learned a lot about my personal life and family, it turns out I have many different diseases! I didn't know that. thanks to this game for allowing me to learn a lot of new things about myself and my life.

Perfect way to kill time or yourself either way you will have fun with all the loss of brain cells 
10/10 would recommend

Dota’s fun until it’s not, which is about five minutes into every match.

Best game to play after work to chill, relax, and forget your problems every game. Playing with your teammates will enhance your communication skills despite differences in languages. Play this game before going to bed and you will sleep like a baby.

It is a great game. But play at your own peril.

"Dota 2 is the ultimate test of strategy and skill! 🔥 With its deep mechanics, diverse heroes, and ever-evolving meta, every match feels like a unique challenge. It can be overwhelming for newcomers, but for those who dive in, the thrill of outsmarting opponents is unmatched!"

I have gotten addicted to DOTA a long time back, spent years on it and then left it and now have recently started playing again.
Its a good game with amazing mechanics and learning curve IF you have someone to teach you in the initial period of installing the game.
What you'll find in a lot of reviews is true, lot of people playing at ranks they don't belong in, no coordination with the people you queue up with because they just don't care enough. Account buyers and smurf will be a regular run in if you're playing everyday. It just ruins the experience you wanna have while playing the game.

BUT you will still play because that's just how addictive the game is, once you learn it you will start getting better provided you put in enough hours to learn and play.
I personally love the game and also hate it but I guess since i'm back again after so many years speaks to the quality.

Also, be ready to be abused, ridiculed and have your family insulted in almost every game. xD

Alright where to start this shit... 

I started playing dota something like 20 years ago, back when it was a Warcraft 3 custom game. My steam account age can vouche for this. I used to host games on battle.net, learning how to use some shit called list checker because you could host on lan so all my friends could play on the same CD key. The game was just as toxic then as it is now. These days we gotta a lot more try hards that are extra full of themselves so it could be said the game is more toxic now. 

I disagree with that. The game has been the exact same amount of toxic. You put 5 people in a team and a certain percentage of players are gonna shit their diapers and blame everyone around them. We are humans. A lot of humans are fucking babies, is what it is. 

On to the review, This game is fantastic. You really have to fucking get over yourself and realize shit happens. Sure some guy fed, and ya know someone didn't place a ward where you needed it. At the end of the day you win lanes and you win games. If you can win lanes and communicate with you teammates then holy shit you win even more games. Public lobbies can suck dick but all you have to do is find a few friends with like minded approaches to the game and you're off and running. 

A lot of the issue with this game being everyone thinks they're the main character in a 5v5 game. Everyone has to do their part, everyone has to work together. If you're raging you're probably not doing that and that's on you. Stay cool and for fucks sake try to enjoy the game. Its a game right????? 


All in all... 3700 hours played 1/10 game fucking sucks 



deepest game ever in mechanics and tactics, very bad community with even worse matchmaking system though

been playin' this sht a while now and never gets boring but keep on losing lmao

why the fuck i keep losing ? from 6k drop to 5.7
i wasted 2 week for nothing ? dont play like this la stupid mtfk no need system game to make me lose i will always online bruh
make other people lose dont let me lose 
i keep get teammate and dumb feeder team
i knw its system matches want me to lose ELO system right ? i knw but can u just let me win ? i fking wasted 15 days for nothing still losing 
can u let me win ? pls 
back to 6k 
5.7 is worst
begging u 
 how much money u want? i topupp then
 noneed eLO system i can break it too once i back to6k i will also teach other how to brreak it if i keep losiong

let me 15 win streaks！！！！！！！！

Game metamorph enjoyable, very sufficient, long lasting ever graphic, fit cost game offer, control game balance to professional play and new player. Dota 2 can play in your computer with specification medium to high processor. There are many updates to beyond and fun gaming experience to every player. Recommendation to write a review to players and loyal to the developers. 
Guidance is serve in game and many blog or video related on train.

The best and the WORST game ever! All because of community, which is worst and more toxic and fraud every month, 8 of 10 games are disaster, unbalanced, with smurfs or account buyers who can't walk, plus there are just people who won't play their roles. And you can't tell em anything, or they will report you.  Valve doesn't care about  that at all, they just want to keep player base pool as much as they can, and make more money on that policy. They could solve those issues so easy, but they won't.

best game for lifetime , extremely competitive and toxic at times but it is most rewarding game on planet period.

Amazing game if your goal is to get high blood pressure and constant migraines

this game give me Cancer and depression. But it will cure both the disease when winning the game,
A great game with moral support and criticism that may effected your daily lifestyle.
No gambling (unlike CS2) more free stuff.
this conclude the journey to be a racist person and lovely person.
Be racist and stay healty.

Dota 2 is a team-based game where two teams of five battle to destroy each other’s base. With over 120 unique heroes, every match is a mix of strategy, skill, and teamwork. It’s challenging to learn but incredibly rewarding, offering endless excitement for those who love competitive gaming.

Отличная игра! Когда я еë скачал родители выкинули меня из дома, теперь я могу полностью отдаться любимой игреее!!!

> Finished elementary with honors
> Finished highschool with "special mention" only
> Finished college as a regular guy
> Opened 3 businesses out of my own pocket.
> Became a Guild master for 7 years for internet friends 
> One trick Legion commander since the start.
> Still stuck at archon


10/10 still loves the game

;ççç

fun game if you like blaming your teammates for your skill issues and telling people they suck and after getting home from work

great game but most of the time you timeout trying to connect to games its been like this since the update

Moba based competitive game with various types of heroes, hero skills and items that have their own skills.

best moba ive played, no money grabbing apart from crystal maiden skins I NEED THEM. but all characters unlocked from the beginning and free russian lessons !

Well I can't recommend it.
The game exists for years, and they still can't fix it to not crusg every second time on startup because you clicked on the screen at the wrong moment

Complete waste of time. Game is unplayable due to lack of instruction for new players. Each match requires team coordination, which you will rarely find. Without any system or structure to teach or guide new players through their role within the game, nearly every match is ruined. The creators of the game are well aware, do not care, and will never attempt to solve the issue. If you have to consume this Dota, watch the professional tournaments and do not waste your energy attempting to play. Criminally honest review...

This game is a MOBA that I have liked since 2012. With a variety of heroes that you can choose to play. Playing with your friends will be much more fun, not only playing 5 vs 5 but you can also play custom games to enjoy the experience of playing with others.

matchmaking these days was poor sometime its too easy mostly they are too hard. won't playing dota anymore thankyou very much


As someone who has spent over 3000 hours playing Dota 2, I can confidently say this game is more than just a pastime—it's a passion. Dota 2 is one of the most rewarding, complex, and endlessly engaging games I’ve ever played. It’s the type of game that keeps you hooked long after you’ve learned the basics because there’s always something new to master, whether it's a fresh hero, a new strategy, or the ever-evolving meta.

Simple controls that are easy to learn. Deep gameplay and strategy. Deep like a pit of darkness.

everyone is a trash player anything below 5k elo unplayable above 5k elo too hard

At 15,000 hours, i can confidently say that this game will ruin your life. The love hate relationship will be the most toxic in your relationship history. sorry, back to queuing.

Невозможно играть в эту хуй** ебану* ,попадаются самые твари которые фидят,не помогают и т.д.,как мне побеждать??? Я фармлю на лайне,счёт 5 0 первые 13 минут в основном ,почему я проигрываю???

Great game, but does have a big learning curve. If your not familiar with this style of game.

i wouldnt recommend it because it takes long time to learn it, and nowadays many players just disconnect from matches.

Incredibly fun, and beautiful imagery. Less chaotic than league. Solid ten of ten.

This game is fun but it will not allow you to play any hero you want anymore so it is impossible for a new player to get good at it.  you will have fun in the new player mode ( even though you can only select from a small pool of heroes ) until you learn to use your abilities and buy items from the store than you will soon get bored of playing against players who do not know how to do this. Than you will want to play the hero you know against more advanced players but you will find that about a 3rd of the heroes are banned, and the heroes that are banned are allways different. so you hardly ever get to practice with the hero you want to practice with, so you will be stuck playing some hero you don't know and you will just get killed the whole game by people who learned all the heroes back in a time when you could play games with any hero you wanted. Than if you leave these games even twice you can no longer play any games, so when you are stuck playing a hero you don't know it is tieing up your computer for 45 min. So even though it is a fun game for everyone who allready knows how to play, it is not the game it used to be and if you are starting out you will find it to be a waste of time. No other game holds you back from learning the game like Dota 2.  So even though it seems like its got way more options than any other game, you realy don't have any of them. lol.    Have fun playing something else of finding all of this to be true. : )

Always crashes cant even play a decent amount of games. Mid game and it crashes.