complete unoptimized crap

Its fun with a friend

1 HIT KILL

Had a really good time playing this with a group of friends; the first winter really put us off guard.

The graphics are good, the weapons generally feel pretty strong - difficulty does ramp up over time so be sure to get your base/gear in order.

Many of the rare resources are instanced it seems like, so no need to fight over certain resource clusters.  One thing that isn't though - some enemy harvests are individual, so please be careful with that.

Great game to play with friends. Enormous difficulty spike playing alone. The game is very much like The Forest with a similar building/crafting system and familiar enemies but has many nice improvements compared to the first game.

My favorite addition has to be Kelvin, having a npc collect resources while you focus on more important projects is a huge time saver. Second favorite would be the new map system. 

Sons of the forest doesn't hold your hand with most of its mechanics so it forces you to improvise or search up how things work. Inventory is very large (easy to overlook corners). Cabins and other structures take less resources to build compared to the first game (Huge Plus). Enemies do one hit critical damage without armor (challenging alone). When your character is exhausted you're still able to move around with minimal restraints to build and recover necessary items to heal. Very forgiving (Huge Plus).

Large map, Many side quests, Seasonal Weather Survival, Interesting Characters. Overall would strongly recommend.


It is scary and cool

i would recommend this game to other plaers

nice game

Good so far

DIED AND IMMEDIATELY GOT KILLED AGAIN ERASING 4HOURS OF PROGRESS

;)

Fans of survival horror games are likely to appreciate its blend of exploration, crafting, and combat in a chilling setting
And this game can convey that feeling.

9/10

very fun to play with friends

bauda

I like deforesting the whole forest now the i am the Un-Son of the forest :)

Very good browski.

Gameplay is good, exploration is fun, combat is very engaging.
Story is very confusing, the ending just doesn't make sense imo, and it seems overly complicated.
As a whole, its good, would recommend

goog

Its like you threw code at monkeys and they threw back a half assed game

Doing a cave 2 hours in with a fried while he is hosting only for the game to give me "host not responding", only to load back in 2 hours backlogged because this stupid game doesnt have an auto save, and it's not my internet, it kept doing it prior aswell. But it wasnt as big of an issue because I wasnt stuck in a cave with no ability to save. Stupid fucking game. And even If i go back in all the items will be gone because the game thinks I picked them up, only for it to take them all away.

Graphically stunning, good enough lore to keep you wanting to know more, kinda lacks on direction and how to progress throughout the game, still liked it 7/10, also glider is really good

yeah yeah catch me pulling up on da monsters wit da strap ya dig

good

Super fun... building is much better than the first game. I wish they would let you craft rope w/cloth like the previous game. I hope they continue to add stuff... I'm also surprised they aren't any mods for this game yet.

the pvp in this game is fucking unbalanced a oppenent shouldnt be able to block all of my strikes i will find the creator and punish him.

Played this solo and with someone else. really a boring and dull game. better games out there

Less than an hour in and I've already committed unspeakable acts in the name of Kelvin. 10/10

nogh bood


This game keeps getting better with every step!

cannibals suck

forest

it good👍

my boyfriend got me the game and i didnt think i would like it but its just like a scary and realistic version of minecraft and i love it :) I build all the pretty stuff and my boyfriend and friends kill all the big guys :) 10/10 would recommend!

raccoons hate to see me coming

If you like to see people with barely clothes on. It's perfect!

good game, creepy anf fun

1. I decided to build a tree shelter.
2. I asked Kelvin to gather logs for me.
3. He just cut down the tree that I built the tree shelter from.

Good game! 100/10.


muy entretenida coop !

fun kinda scary

awesome!

make another

niggers

its so poop

The game presents itself very well, the graphics are in extremely good but it seems the development ended there. The game play is lack lusted and the cannibals are incredibly overpowered and their UI is broken beyond imagination. The game essentially forces you into a story instead of slowly presenting itself. I believe the game would be better if there were a fix to nearly every UI other than the building UI which is quite nice. The game is not bad but it is not great, I would not recommend it to anyone wanting a casual gaming experience. I would rate it a 3/5.

This game is cool but I hit my newborn

White Caum, Blue Caum, Origional Caum. 11/10

The Forest reskin 0/10

sasiske🤗

fun with friends

who is this weird lady walking around my base and why'd she dance once lmao

very good

mid

scary

yes

ok

[h1] Sons of the Forest is an absolutely thrilling survival horror game that pushes the boundaries of what we expect from open-world survival games [/h1]

As a sequel to The Forest, it improves upon nearly every aspect of its predecessor, delivering a more intense and immersive experience. The game’s stunning visuals, from the dense forests to the eerie, atmospheric caves, create an unsettling yet captivating world. The attention to detail is remarkable, with dynamic weather systems and day-night cycles that affect gameplay and player strategy.

The crafting and survival mechanics are more refined, offering a greater sense of realism and creativity in how you approach your environment. The new AI companions, particularly the addition of a highly interactive NPC that can help with tasks, adds an exciting layer of depth and companionship in an otherwise isolating world. The variety of enemies and the unpredictability of their attacks keep you on edge, ensuring there’s never a dull moment.

The cooperative multiplayer mode is a standout feature. Playing with friends to explore the island, build shelter, and fight off terrifying creatures creates an engaging and shared experience that makes the game even more enjoyable. The game also offers plenty of freedom, whether you prefer stealthy exploration or brute-force combat.

Overall, Sons of the Forest is a remarkable survival horror experience that delivers excitement, challenge, and a deeply immersive world. It's a must-play for fans of the genre, and it cements Sons of the Forest as a standout title in the survival and horror game landscape.

amazing game

Just crashes all the time. Unstable on majority rigs. Loved the first game on ps4, but this game the controller feels weird, and doesn't work half the time. Got new controller too, that works perfect on everything else. Never got to play this game really. Dabbled a few times while waiting on friends to be able to join, Took about a year, but here we are, and i can't even play it without crashing every 30 minutes. Only wish i never dabbled and somehow ended up with 5 hours of gameplay over that year or so. Oh well, just another lose in favor of the industry, at the expense of the consumer.

 "We love you Endnight" we all say in unison

great

s

sons yes i like it but i dont why i dont know but it scary really scary help me please please please please please godnatt

good game

The most realistic survival game I ever played with my friends

 Friend and I finished THE whole campaign together and it was just an amazing experience! Felt a lot like THE FOREST but amazing graphics, new enemies, new crafting, new weapons and a great story!  I played THE FOREST solo and it was an amazing game, but playing SONS co-op made THE whole experience just an absolute joyride. THE vehicles with a friend made for some hilarious shenanigans! I hope THE developers plan on new games like this, even if its a different story but similar game type.
I do wish there was more to do after the story, only just because we did not want it to end.

This was a great experience regardless of the negative salty reviews. It is so hard to please the brats of today, they want everything to be perfect.

Its amazing game, dont even hesitate to buy it ! Highly recommend it !

9 голих срак із 10

9 голих срак iз 10

its the most fun  and positive game that i have ever played:)

STRAIGHT GARBAGE

Very good game, although different from the first game, you will find it more enjoyable. I am grinding with my friend to see all the aspects of the game. The map is 10X bigger and the ductape is sacred. P.S Kelvin is giga powerfull.

This game is excellent, big enough for a small group of friends to play for a long time with mostly hand crafted content, I say mostly because I am not sure if they generated things like the trees and what not but the things that should be handcrafted here, are.

i like this game

very fun

good

me very yummy.


w

better than the forest, the plot is as good as in the forest, gameplay is amazing, I enjoyed it so much on the starts there were so much bugs like you could duplicate wood but bugs were quickly fixed, i recommend this game to everyone whose like horror/zombie games like me ❤🎶😨😨😨😨

The best survival games i ever played, it's definitely worth the money. And it's not hard to learn.

No Manual, no Tutorial. Uninstall after 5 mins.

This game is so fun! It is not easy, and is pretty frustrating in the beginning but that just makes surviving each day so satisfying. The graphics are beautiful and the monsters are fantastic. 10/10 this game is so great I would 100% recommend getting it.

This game is absolutely amazing the only problem i would have with it is the end game its gets real boring after you have done everything its pretty realistic on some extent and the graphics are super nice

i like them funky monkey creatures and their bosoms

best multiplayer survival game

forking shite i h4t3 th1s gam3 because all of the disconnections

This game makes me more apreciated Greenhell than ever before. It was inferior than GH in so soooo many aspects even it was years newer game but, it has its quality and some unique features but still it's just some weird survivor game that never making you feel like you are trying to survive.

This game is too fucking weird. And that’s something coming from me.

Really good game overall, had me and my friend playing 6hrs a day until we beat it, achievements are really annoying though

this game is like the forest so ofcourse me and ekezun decide to play it, so when we start he go afk (like noob) and so i test a little bit gaming and i cut down tree and it felled right on his head XD it was so funny and when he come back hes like "what!? why im so hurting" hahahaha what a prank. also that guy in the start kelvin i think we brutally murder him 2 times becuase funny and then 3 time he actually die and not wake up and thats maybe sad but idk the guy so maybe he was bad. thanks

Shout out to my friend who bought it for me. I loved the game so much and I learned how to glide. Worth the wait.

game has a beautiful environment with solid story and game play.


Sons of the Forest: Build a mansion, get attacked, rebuild it, and repeat until you cry. Survival never felt so personal! 💀

jogo é lindo e a mecanica é bem legal mas crasha de 15 em 15 minutos slk

Gameplay-
☑ Very good

Graphics-
☑ Beautiful

Audio
☑ Very good

Audience
☑ Adults

Story-
☑ None

Difficult-
☑ Difficult

Grind-
☑ A bit grindy sometimes

Game Time-
☑ Depends on you

Price
☑ Just buy it

Kelvin... I... nevermind...

The game is very much like ''The Forest'' just with additional mechanics and a couple new things and yes it does include bugs but don't think you are going to encounter them in a normal playthrough. I don't think you need to play ''The Forest'' first, only if you want to know whats going, but you are just going to miss one or two things and one last thing, the game is not scary, it's just a few jumpscares through out the whole game, the only thing you need to be afraid of is not getting jump on by a group of cannibalists. Oh I almost forgot, it's more fun with friends.

Crash helicopter. Get pistol whipped by a random dude. Find gear. Talk to a man though notes. Find cannibals. Kill Cannibals with an axe. Chop cannibals head with axe. Sharpen stick, put stick in ground, attach severed head to stick to show dominance. Make a tent and fire then cook cannibal on fire, make armor from bones. Find another cannibal, chop up to bits. Cook cannibal legs and arm on fire, eat dinner. 10/10 recommend.

its a fun open world game,but its ten times better with friends

Story is not the best but overall an extremly well made survival game and probably the funnest experience was exploring the bunkers becuase they had an unreplicable errie feeling to them.

Just finished the game, and man. What a ride it was again!
I could never get enough of The Forest series. It scratches a certain itch i've not experienced with many other games.

Looking more than forward to the sequel of Sons of the Forest!

The last boss fight is so fucking easy, the normal cannibals pose a bigger threat than the big chungus lookin as mf

The game is a continuation of the first game forest , and its even more modernized and so challenging. the only issue a player may face is the fact that this game is demanding and low end PC's might not handle it.

The game was fun at first, with mildly amusing survival gameplay, but then quickly fell off when you realize that base building doesn't matter and the game's story is only progressed by exploring. Even that becomes repetitive, with the same enemies being encountered over and over. The end, while offering a pretty environment, offers little challenge or interesting gameplay. 3/10. Get it on sale and play it only if you have nothing else to play.

the ending was horrible they have a shitty way of explaining anything i thought this tied into the first game but there was no signs of it doing that imo

It's kind of hard to leave a positive review for this game, though I also don't wish to leave a negative one. While the game does improve upon many aspects of it's predecessor with the likes of new weaponry, a completely reworked building system, even some A.I. companions, and SO much more... The story is just, lacking... much like the first game.
I recently replayed SotF and found that all of the monsters in the ending sequence had been removed, leaving you with what feels like a 10 minute walk following an NPC followed up by two mediocre boss fights. The game has a lot of potential, and it's... nice in many ways. I wish I could select a option between yes/no for recommending this game. 
If you liked the first one, you'll probably like this one too.

A truly excellent game if you enjoy the lack of structure, freedom, fragmented story and a great survival, crafting/building experience in a brilliantly realised horror world. For me a 10/10.
I absolutely loved The Forest. There were years where I did not play games and The Forest got me back into gaming. I feel equally strongly about Sons of the Forest. I truly hope this game provides even further evidence that Indie developers are the future of the gaming industry. 

I also love that the game is dense with horror canon references and influences. Alien, The Thing, Event Horizon ( I think that is the basis of the story in terms of portals to other dimensions being opened up) and many others.

I have read complaints about the building mechanics but the little bit I tried in my first quick play through seemed quite user friendly and intuitive yet allows for wide ranging creativity. I have seen some awe inspiring structures on YouTube. 

My only two small complaints would be the combat and the survival mechanics. I could be wrong but the enemies don't feel as intelligent as in The Forest or at the very least they are not smarter. In the beginning their aggression is intimidating but after a few hours attacks can easily be managed as they are quite predictable. 

In terms of survival mechanics these were not much of an improvement from the original. I would have preferred deeper and more complex mechanics: Green Hell or even tougher. From an accessibility/sales perspective I can see why developers would steer away from this as it could potentially alienate many players.

My ideal would be tough survival mechanics and then intelligent and brutal enemy attacks on a relatively infrequent basis. This would add immensely to the horror.

Looking forward to the next game. Thank you EndNight. 



A fairly worthy sequel to the original! Not everything is the same but vastly improved over previously clunky mechanics that The Forest had. Visuals are almost twice as good as the prequel. Plenty of great mods just like The Forest to make the game more fitting to your own style too. Best part is the addition of helpers Kelvin and Virginia!

I'm sitting here after beating Sons of the Forest with a bitter taste in my mouth. What was 50 hours of great fun coop with my friend. Killing baddies, exploring a dangerous island, learning its mysteries and collecting the enigmatic artifact. Only to be met with one of the worst endings ever.

[spoiler]Everything you work towards is pointless... the artifact is useless and not worth the effort or intrigue. It could have been a weapon to enjoy one last romp around the island after beating the game, but instead it lets you paint stuff gold....OK...cool, wow. I've beaten the game, I don't need to teleport or paint things gold. Thanks for nothing.[/spoiler]

I'm so torn. the journey was incredible. the destination was...not.

Got it after 1.0 since I am no longer going for "Early Access" flawed bugge games, 
constantly crashes at random times, 
read up on it online,
 issue seems to be around SINCE 1.0 realse, 
breaks the whole fun part of the game when you have to redo stuff to get your progress back, at some point instead of enjoing the game and its details you just keep on rushing through stuff to get your progress and hope you save in time.

PS: Getting the console to save is a great help but still its just frustrating to pay bucks for an Buggy 1.0

i would describe the feelings i have for this game the same as the ups and downs i had when subnautica 2 released. I was initially excited for this, but can't recommend over the original.

I have just completed the game in Co-op and it works great! The Co-op in Sons of the forest is better implemented than Dying light 2 for example.

Warning: This is a highly addictive videogame! If you like being absolutely free to wander around and not having anyone to explain to you what to do, this is your game. 

It's fun to play with friends but I really recommend the single-player experience.

man crash land, man wake up, man build house, man hunts food, man fights savages and cannibals, man explores, man discover cube, man leave on helicopter. Man happy

Im not sure if its better than the original by being such a different game. The only real things that make it a sequel is the name, building and cave formula, everything else feels different. for good and bad.

Pros: 
Visuals: I dont really care how a game looks but oh my god is this game pretty. I no longer need to leave home enjoy nature. if this was just a forest walking simulator id buy it. The original holds up but this is next level.

QOL:  features are very welcome, having 10 quick bind options is great and a larger inventory. The gps is a much welcome feature for such a large map. Being able to place a tarp and stick to save is incredible. Kelvin gives the full teammate experience, but better. a little bit special and wont listen sometimes, but isnt apposed to hard labour. having him collect sticks and finish structures is very nice when playing solo.

Building: i like how much freedom the game gives with what can be done, and its quite fun. also kelvin being able to collect sticks and fallen logs is great.

Combat: The crafted bow in the original could carry the entire game, SOF though i found myself not using it. the damage done by cave cannibal can kill you in one to two hits so blocking and dodging are a must where the original cannibals could just be brute forced even in hard. The added guns can take out cannibals with 
headshots but arent worth using on mutants. 

Gameplay: the general game play feels more polished, which obviously but its nice. the progression while still based around collected items there is markers and POI's on the gps which help with natural feeling progression, I dont know how someone could complete the original game blind, in a reasonable amount of time, without external help. 

Cons
Building: can be alot more tedious than the original. like building a wall then manually spiking every log afterwards.

Map: The original forest never felt small but SOF feels massive, not in a "wow so much to see" but a "Oh ive only moved that far". the vehicles do help but it feels like a tacked on solution after realising how long it takes to walk. Personally if the map was half the size it would feel better. 

Combat: The amount of mutants and cannibals in some caves makes it unfun to fight them, and you just end up running. I might just be bad but its annoying being attacked by 5 different enemies at once that can one shot you. I could understand when the guns, particularly shotgun actually did damage but after being nerfed to the ground its only really good for regular cannibals. id rather have the ammo be made more scarce and buff the damage. so when you need a tone of firepower you can. 

This is just the things ive thought off so far, overall good game recommend, but has some annoyances. wait for a special. 


played 19.9 hours in 3days, can say building is like therapy, very relaxing, graphic a solid 10/10 made very good, gameplay wise, i love the new mecanics, unlike in the forest you can do lots more things in this game, ont thing i dont like is the inventory, is so slow to navigate sometimes, this game is very optimized,  i can easily run 80-100fps in ultra, and i get no fps drops the more i play, unlike the forest in day 0, 150fps, day 25, 60fps, it was frustrateing, i highly recomand playing with friends that never played it, since is way batter to discover everything, to bad i played mostly myself but this is still a 10/10 game (BRING BOATS BACK)

Pros:
- Decent story until the final fourth of the game.
- Beautiful environments with dynamic weather that changes gameplay patterns.
- Satisfying progressive elements like new weapons and schematic discoveries.
- Mysterious hidden places adding unique flavor to the story.

Cons:
- The last fourth of the game feels incredibly rushed, to the point that it ALMOST ruins the story. You can tell they shoved the game out of the door at the last minute and scraped up whatever semi-satisfactory scenes they could manage.
- Once you establish an initial base, you will never visit it again. Incrementally expanding your base is effectively worthless with the volume of attacks on it. You will be spending hours building and rebuilding, for basically no material benefit. 75% of the game was much more enjoyable just sprinting between cave systems and never revisiting the base.
- Not enough progressive elements in the game. It would benefit strongly from a talent system that improves stamina, durability, base-building, vehicles/tools.

TL;DR:
Buy it at a discount and enjoy it with friends. Not worth it at full price.

Multiplayer saves disappear and after hours of play force a progression restart. Tried to troubleshoot and found that it's a common issue that's been occurring since release with no fix and no way to prevent. Surprised this hasn't been fixed yet as it makes multiplayer pointless.

I never played a game that switches between a 1/10 and a 10/10 this frequently. All around it sadly makes for a mediocre game that could be great with a few changes. I didn't really enjoy it anymore at some point and stopped playing it, Here are some of my 10/10 and 1/10 listed:

10/10:
[*] Graphics are great
[*] Sound and atmosphere, for example in winter all your buildings get covered by snow, which then melts when spring arrives
[*] Base building is insanely fun
[*] Golf carts you can drive around with

1/10:
[*] I find there is no real drawback to not fulfilling your needs (like hunger/thirst), which kind of takes away the survival game feeling
[*] The health system is terrible, you basically need to find meds, there is no other way to recover health, even if you fulfilled all your characters needs
[*] Altough the base building is great, you kind of get punished for doing it, enemies spawn much more often, and most of the game you are better off just building a lousy tent and moving on, which makes building a base kind of bittersweet
[*] Weapons feel insanely weak, a pistol is just barely better than a bow and arrow
[*] It advertises itself with 'Experience complete freedom to tackle the world how you want' but to progress in the caves/story you actually have to do most of them in a specific order, it was kind of disappointing to go to a cave across the map, but not being able to progress, as some core item is missing

I could go on and on with both of these points, however i would not recommend the game currently, it doesnt feel like a thought out survival game.

Sons of The Forest is basically the same as The Forest but worse. The map is way too big with nothing to do on the surface since all important things are in the caves. And when you go in some caves you need key items to progress. Building a base is pointless when you can carry everything in your inventory. When you do build it is very tedious and annoying.  I had really high expectations of this game and i was disappointed. I really loved the first game, it's one of my favorite survival games. But Sons of The Forest was a huge let down. My recommendation is don't waste your time and buy and play The Forest, you will have more fun with that than Sons.

Sons Of The Forest is genuinely the best cooperative game I've ever played. The building system is intuitive and creative, allowing for endless possibilities. The vast, detailed world encourages exploration, keeping every discovery fresh and rewarding. The horror elements add tension without overshadowing the fun, striking a perfect balance. Additionally, the difficulty is highly customizable, allowing players to fine-tune it to suit their individual preferences. It’s a once-in-a-lifetime experience that any co-op gaming fan should try.

besides the large amount of naked people trying to skin me and my friends alive the game is really relaxing with the building and over extremly fun I love it and would defintly recommend picking this one up its a ton of fun with friends or on your own

amazing game- I like the story as well. At the beginning it might be very difficult to run through caves. focus on survival and armor first

Good game, but is the game dead? So many things to add but no updates and no news about the future game..

"Sons of the Forest" is the perfect game for anyone who’s ever thought, “Survival horror? Nah, I just want to chop trees and eat questionable berries!”

The plot? Oh, who cares? You crash land, meet some very "friendly" locals (aka, nightmare-inducing cannibals), and suddenly, you're a lumberjack, architect, and cannibal whisperer rolled into one. The survival mechanics are so detailed that I now genuinely fear dehydration IRL.

The real star of the show? Kelvin, your trusty AI companion who operates on vibes alone. Need logs? He’ll bring you a few... or maybe drown himself trying. He’s like that one coworker who tries hard but leaves chaos in their wake. And let's not forget Virginia, the three-legged, gun-wielding ballerina who somehow became my squad MVP.

Combat is intense, especially when a mutant shows up and you realize you forgot to craft literally anything useful. So, you scream, flail your axe, and pray your wall of poorly placed spikes works. Spoiler: It won’t.

I knocked off a star because the cannibals have better fashion sense than me. Seriously, how are they so stylish with bone accessories while I’m rocking “hobo chic”?

10/10 would get ambushed in the forest again. 🌲

it almost feels sad seeing a cannibal charging at you with full speed then watch them scream in pain and beg for mercy after you cut one of there limbs with a golden katana

really good graphics tho 10/10

very scary game with great graphics

this game quickly became one of my favorite games. it has the perfect balance of weird and normal to it and ohmygod no game has ever hurt me more

i love this game so much PLEASE i need more epilogue on the ending please

feels like camping but there seagles are in flying through the ground a objects

What a game. Me and friend bought this on sale for $15. This might be the greatest $15 we have ever spent. Worth it. Buy it. Play with friends. Have fun.

Great survival game with beautiful graphics, excellent crafting, and a tense, mysterious atmosphere. Highly recommended.

Just like the great game "The forest" with good survival mechanics and a great atmosphere, but even better.


Honestly the building is not as bad as I though it would be and the horror aspect isnt bad either

An awesome sequel to the forest. Everything is relatable to the last game keep it like that the ui, hud, gameplay everything

like a survival game then suddenly a horror survival game.

Completed the game a few times. Spent most time just building things. Love it.

Great game! was a fan of the first one and I'm glad to see they kept best mechanics of the first one while improving it.


Great survival game just like The Forest so fun with friends

pretty good and all but feels empty,like we need more mobs etc ,specially on the snowy mountains unless there are mods

Story could be better but everything else is pretty cool 9/10

Not bad.
Slightly better than previous one.
Still so many bugs though

Fun with friends- still buggy sometimes (dont go uphill with log sleigh)!

I’ll be honest—I’ve played this game for over 200 hours, but it was the pirate version. I promised myself that I’d buy it one day, and now I finally did. As for the game itself, it’s perfect—9/10 from me. What I love the most is how dense the jungle is, and boy, the graphics are incredible. can't say thank you enough for the devs making this game

Good game if you like cannibals touching you, you´ll have a life changing expierence building a base with friends wich then gets destroyed by baby cannibals. 30/10

very fun to explore in  golfcars that has to be parked in the sun so the battery dont die.

Perfectly simulates being miserable alone in the woods. 11/10

amazing game, great graphics, can be scary and peaceful. great story, 110% recomened

Very detailed massive open world survival game. Graphics are amazing, game play is smooth, no issues at all. Highly recommend

Works good on ASUS rog on low setting fun games great building mechanics and fun to explore the map discovery difference item and creatures

Great survival game. Not too hard, not too easy, fun, good graphics and sound, great gameplay.

Played through with a friend and we never once got bored. Story was a bit hard to follow.

good survival mechanics, fun game to play with friends

Sons of the Forest has potential, but it’s riddled with frustrating design choices that make it hard to enjoy. Let’s break it down.

[h2] Map Design and Navigation [/h2]
The map is [b] way too big [/b], and instead of feeling immersive, it just feels like a chore to get around. The GPS system? [b] A disaster [/b]. It either spoon-feeds you the next objective, taking away any sense of discovery, or leaves you completely lost. Plus, trying to use the map is a pain, you can’t easily move it around or get a better view, which only adds to the frustration.

[h2] Base Building and Survival Mechanics [/h2]
Base building has gone from being a highlight in the first game to feeling [i] pointless [/i] here. The system has been changed, but not for the better, it’s clunky and finicky, and honestly, there’s no real reason to build anything. You can finish the game without a base, and the survival mechanics are so basic that you don’t even need to craft, hunt, or farm. Just live off MREs, soda cans, and pills scattered around the map. The [b] strength system [/b]? Completely irrelevant.

[h2] Storytelling and Immersion [/h2]
The story is barely there. You’re thrown onto this island with no clear purpose, and as you play, there’s little explanation for why your character keeps pushing forward. It’s like the game forgot to give you a reason to care.

[h2] Difficulty and Balance [/h2]
The difficulty is [b] all over the place [/b]. On hard mode, even with three experienced players, one cave took us three hours to complete. On easy mode, though, the entire game can be beaten in just four hours. There’s no real balance here, and it makes the game feel either punishing or way too short.

Base building is especially punishing. If you try to settle down, you’ll be [b]swarmed by cannibals[/b] within the hour. It gets so bad that building a base becomes more of a liability than an advantage.

[h2] Cannibals and Island Atmosphere [/h2]
Speaking of cannibals, they’re everywhere. This completely ruins the deserted-island vibe the original game nailed. Instead of feeling like a mysterious, abandoned place, the island feels [i] overrun [/i]—it’s more like the cannibals just live there full-time.

[h2] Miscellaneous Issues [/h2]
There are a ton of smaller problems that pile up:

Vehicles are [i] awkward and out of place [/i], and they make little to no sense in the context of the game.
Progression is confusing. For example, you suddenly need a special blueprint with no prior warning, and there’s no way to know this without looking up a guide.
A lot of the interactable elements feel meaningless. Camps of crash survivors with glowing flares, for instance, always result in the same thing—people dying “just as you arrive.” It’s repetitive and immersion-breaking.
[h2] Visuals [/h2]
The game does look [b] amazing [/b]. The environments are detailed and polished, but unfortunately, great visuals can’t save a game with so many gameplay issues.

[h2] Final Thoughts [/h2]
Sons of the Forest is a good-looking game with a lot of problems. Its oversized map, clunky mechanics, and lack of meaningful progression make it feel hollow and frustrating. If you’re into exploration, you might get some enjoyment, but for most players, it’s just not worth the effort.

I absolutely loved the original The Forest, having played it through multiple times with various groups of friends, and was expecting a vastly improved experience this time around, and have been significantly let down. Even at the 50% sale price point of ~£13, this was not worth it. 


The game is really fun, the visuals are wild i really think its a very good sequal to The forest a little buggy but very fun with friends, the game is good i look forward to play many hours more and enjoy the beautiful world of Sons OF The Forest

sons of the forest is realy good game but you need a powerfull pc to run it if you loved forest sons of the forest is the perfect game for you i like that there is guns in the game and the new canibal ai

I love this game. You can play on Peaceful mode and Build Extravagant buildings and hunt and survive to your hearts content. Or you can play in Normal or Hard difficulties and struggle to survive while battling the onslaught of vicious enemies. if you're looking for a challenge.

Im the happiest man ever, running over mutants and cannibals in a solar powered golf cart, truly a peaceful hell

Very good mix of building cozy bases and fighting horrible monsters

Very sigmighty game also if you cut up kelvin and feed him to the big fat people they will become your friends and you can unlock a diverse trading system with them and they also protect you from the skinny black people running around !

Honest game opinion time!

Its great. quite fun! lore is- no idea didnt look for it! the setting customization is strangely indepth for camera's and shit! the combat is fun, new shit from the last game is super cool! however much like the last game! unless you have friends or an endless supply of dopamine from another dimension. it gets really boring really fast. after about 10 hours of gameplay is when it hit for me, away from my friends i mean! i played my own game solo and it sucked. i had alot of fun cutting trees and beating mutants but then i died alot, had noone to talk to, and fell into a silence while cutting thousands of trees for barely any progress on my already tiny base. the base building system is much better than the forest itself, being able to customize it is amazing and the depth is more than mediocre! but the amount of stuff you need to just make a 2x2x1 log box is so much that it isnt fun after a while. the combat is difficult but fun, though far enough in it just feels like your fighting meatshields. early on the meatshields are scary and hard to kill makeing shit more fun! but when theres 5 every few nights breaking down a house that took you that many nights to repair from the last attack. it hurts to see. 

TLDR: No friends makes the game suck, the enemy difficulty and the building costs suck, some shit is better though :Thumbsup: 

Play it with friends, its so much better!!!!! all the bad stuff can be circumvented with friends. not rando's! friends


Great game but man at day 40 it its basically a horde mode

Very good game just like the last one except with new quality of life features and awesome new graphics

Stick storage simulator meets death loop simulator.

Ten months after release, it still feels a little "early access like" with the current bugs.

If you were thinking of getting it, grab it while it's 50% off during the Winter Sale. I wouldn't pay full price for it.

i enjoy it a lot more than the 1st forest, the building is fun and the game looks so good.

I love plowing through the forest in the middle of the night with my gokart, only to suddenly go through a bush with a cannibal inside, completely annihilating the cannibal.

this game is great

Super fun spooky game. Mechanics are easy to learn; game is extremely fun to play with friends as well!

Great game, especially if you already loved The Forest. I liked how, unlike the first game, there was more story and drive to find things out since it helped you progress and get better equipment, unlike the first game where you had to go out of your way to progress the story.

The add-ins of NPCs and transportation devices is chefs kiss, Kelvin is (sometimes...) super useful, as long as he's not to far away from materials or toasting himself on top of a bonfire.

This game is a little scary and boring alone but with friends it is awesome plus the building is cool

This is game is great but heads up your house might explode multiple times, even while building it. It happens randomly. Other than that, the game is very fun and I love Kelvin and Virginia. 
(P.S beware of the butthole monster in one of the caves.)

Pretty good! Kelvin breaks my wall and returns it in the form of logs! 100% Recommended! But seriosly one of the best survival games I've ever played.

I love the graphics and the work Endnight done. I recommand the game!

I only bought this game because of Fooster on YouTube.
Story looked interesting and the building options looked fun. Now I'm hooked!

this game is amazing, has the elements you want from a survival horror game. 11/10

it's pretty good, the developers are pushing out new updates to give the game more content so that's good.

Buy this game.

Why? Let me tell you why. 
(No spoilers)
You are stranded on an island with nothing but a hatchet, knife, and gps. You explore the beautiful handcrafted terrain, building a base if you feel like it. The base building offers an amazing level of creativity. You stumble across points of interest, finding clues that hint to a larger overarching story. Eventually, the simple yet unforgiving survival mechanics, the amazing unfolding story, and great replayability enthrall you into the game.

In short; if you want to see naked cannibal women charge at you then this is the perfect game for you.

Loving this game so far!

I would like a few more customisation options for keybinds, but otherwise i don't have a lot to pick at.

I don't know what the fuck is happening but it's fun, thrilling, hilarious (with friends). It's not that hard too, you can spend a lot of hours just building anything you want or go on a massacre on the local tribes of cannibals and um what the fuck looking ass mutants. Get yourself covered in gross looking flesh and go kill everything standing in your way with guns (that does not exist in the first game and imo that made this game even more fun too). I recommend trying, especially with friends.

I love jumping off a mountain using a golf cart and being perfectly fine.