im suffering

if your a war nerd then play this super fun

bad snail

Absofuckinglutely YES. Its fun, free, hard as shit, and also somehow runs on my old crusty dusty laptop that used to run windows 8.

its a realy good realistic war game

When I first started to play this game I was very bad at it but with time and dedication I became very good at the game and it was a lot more fun.


---{ Graphics }---
☑ Good

---{ Gameplay }---
☑ Good

---{ Audio }---
☑ Good

---{ Audience }---
☑ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults

---{ PC Requirements }---
☑ Decent

---{ Game Size }---
☑ Workable

---{ Difficulty }---
☑ Significant brain usage

---{ Grind }---
☑ Average grind level

---{ Story }---
☑ No Story

---{ Game Time }---
☑ To infinity and beyond

---{ Price }---
☑ It's free!

---{ Bugs }---
☑ Never heard of

---{ ? / 10 }---
☑ 9
Tbh U need skill.

Apart from the fact that its more p2w than a mobile game, the gameplay itself is completly unbalanced, in some parts of the progression you may do really good on matches and on others you may eliminate someone every 5 matches... There's no guide for new players and at the start is complete chaos, but when you integrate yourself with the game you realise its not complete chaos, its complete RNG.

very good(: 


snail is life

one of the best games ever


I love smashing my keyboard 18 times in a row because level 100 deaf ass could hear the level 6 puma behind me. I also enjoy bush users, they are just amazing people... I can be staring right at a tank trying to figure out if it is a fucking tank or something that will randomly eat my shell out of nowhere. I love this game

GAJIN GOT ME BRUH

retarded

planes are good

no

THIS game make me look like goblin and i have no friends now and my mom hate me more

My review

Open the game
Choose USA as a first nation
Be mad at 3.3
Change nation
Choose Germany
Be happy (maybe not)
Change Nation (again)
Choose USSR
Now i'm mad at 5.0 :)

Nice game

mery crystmes

охуенно

So if you like getting uptierd and murdered by imprenetrable and unstoppable tanks from the enemy team, you are free to play this. I have unfortunatly chosen America in wich its impossible to rank up because of the germans and russians. I am at BR 6.0 ( as of now ) and i keep getting uptierd 7.0, and 7.0 is paradise for the germans since they got the damn Tiger II. I really like playing this game, just not matches. The only reason i play this game is to Test drive vehicles that i could only dream of getting becuase it takes ******* FOREVER TO RANK UP, both because of the HEAVY BIAS of other nations and the unforthomable will to want to SKIN YOURSELF ALIVE. Tho if you want to play Aviation, the time to get new planes still takes longer than your Grandma's lifespan the gameplay is a bit more fun. Tho i cant speak for higher tiers since im only 4.0 at American Aviation.

CONS: Ricochet, Ricochet, Ricochet, Ricochet , SHELL SHATTERED, Ricochet, Ricochet

PROS: Cool ass vehicles, Beautiful Graphics, Realism :D

Conclusion-

Dont play this if you dont wanna develop stockholm syndrome. Its PTW for the most part. Pick germany if you want to keep your sanity for the first 100 hours because its basiclly point and click. The only reason you should be  playing this game is because of the vehicles and graphics.











Send help

Wondering about killing yourself but have no motivation or any inspiration?? Don't worry, this game is just for you comrade!!!

njrgs wad wdsaD WADawDAWD WAD awd wad QdsdwddsadWsaWDWDdsDAWDw

09hnt

If you don't like it, Ur a noob. I just started yesterday and have 5 planes and choosed USSR and the second free tank is op. I got three first place's with the second tank to modifiers

yes

very yes

Bro, no, stop.

Good, just remove uptier. Its so dumb.

If you dont play to unlock, and play to have fun, you will enjoy it.

no

tank look cool

i like plane's

its fun for a while if you like military vehicles.

its a very fun game but grinding one nation may take months or even years if u don't use premium account but it a good game

molto bello,pero e pieno di bug,mettete i bombardieri come b-2,b-52...

[spoiler] y e s [/spoiler]

I really enjoy this game. A Chinese player sniped me with a 12.8 cm maus cannon when I was flying over him in a jet fighter

i have played this game on the official launch and not steam but the game itself makes me want to kms

nice game 5 stars

My tank  takes one shell no matter where it hits enemy tank takes like 50 shells  russian bias

this game is awesome!!


Sometimes I think this is not game, but thing to make you hate life. There are moments when it really feels that you are being trolled by the game. But in the end I play this almost daily. Started when there were only planes, and was really waiting to get to ground forces as I was playing actively "the other tank game".

I like that this game tries to keep damage and vehicles somewhat realistic unlike hit point system in some other games. Hit to correct location, and it is one shot kill.

Please be warned, if you want to grind events and such, it really is grind. When I stopped paying attention to daily tasks, events and such, it became much more enjoyable.

Best games, for me, are in around 5.3 to 8.3 battle ratings, with some 9.3 lineups thrown in. Grinding stock vehicles becomes painful around battle rating 9 or so.

Note that ww2 era German tanks are not magic, especially armor wise, they can have great guns, but are not invincible.

Russian Bias doesn't exist

russian bias doesnt exist, the ariete is well armoured, britain is the best tech tree

I love warthunder so much! This game is so historicly accurate! Not to mention over 500 vehicles in the game! Its amazing (Please help me Gaijin is holding my family hostage)

TL/DR: The raw gameplay is fun, especially when the matchmaking cooperates and you don't get shafted by vastly better players or roflstomp a much worse team, but it has problems that I would not want a new player to faceplant against. Better to give the game a pass.

Long form:

Don't let the hours Steam shows I've played fool you, I have another thousand or so on the stand-alone before it came to Steam. I have had lots of fun in the game, and I've been incredibly upset at the game, but if you'd asked me a couple years ago if I recommend it, I'd say yes. Unfortunately, that was during a period of rose-tinted view, and by now I have to say that the only reason I play at all is because the lower tiers are still occasionally fun, and it's become something like an addiction. 

After you leave around 5.0 to 6.0, the gameplay becomes significantly less fun. The XP requirements to progress becomes more and more substantial, the Silver Lions requirements to play for longer stretches gets more and more significant. I've spread my gameplay out across almost every country currently in the game, and the onset of the unpleasant grind kills my enjoyment of the game. As of right now, I have two countries situated at around 8.0-9.0, and they've been there for around two-hundred, maybe three-hundred hours now. The experience at this particular tier is not fun, though I'll admit a fair bit of that is my own skill level.

It is, in as few words as possible, a slog, and it just... Does not feel rewarding to progress, because I'm hyper aware that there's only more of the same no matter what I research next. I'm sure anyone who's played before that's reading this will just toss a 'skill issue' or something, and they're entitled, but nobody I've spoken to seems to have fun in these tiers. I'm told that it's more fun again once you hit max tier at 10-12, but a gap space of 5-7 entire battle ratings of headache and frustration is a huge ask, with the game depending on the idea of sunk cost to keep people around.

Of course, it's MUCH less of a grind if you pay for premium accounts and premium vehicles, but I've played this whole time and only spent around 120 dollars? Or something like it. The vast majority of my experience in this game is without premium, and again, it is a slog. 

With all my many hours in-game, I want to be able to say it's a good game, and I *want* to be able to recommend it to new players, but holy crap, I just can't. If the day comes that this painful suffering in this tier actually ends and it's fun to play again, I'll come back to edit this review, but until then, new players, save yourselves and your wallets the suffering. If you pay regularly, it might be more fun, but it's not worth that regular investment. If you don't pay regularly, you're going to run facefirst into a brick wall of frustration at some point between 6.0 and 10.0, and either you'll do what I've done and will keep doing and keep punching at it to get through, or you'll drop the game. I highly recommend the latter, but for those joining me in the former... May the Gods have mercy on us both, Cousin.

wtf bvvd？

if you already have severe depression you don't need this game

play this game if you wanna ruin your life

I SWEAR TO GOD I WANT TO KILL MYSELF AFTER THIS

fly da plane

i wanna fucking kill myself

pretty good

Embrace the Suffering

i Have not spent a dime on the game but I have gone threw 3 monitors well playing this game so tgus has techincally costed me $1000 . would recomend

AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

---{ Graphics }---
☑ Beautiful

---{ Gameplay }---
☑ Good

---{ Audio }---
☑ Very good

---{ Audience }---
☑ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults

---{ PC Requirements }---
☑ Decent

---{ Game Size }---
☑ Big

---{ Difficulty }---
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master

---{ Grind }---
☑ You'll need a second life for grinding

---{ Story }---
☑ No Story

---{ Game Time }---
☑ To infinity and beyond

---{ Price }---
☑ It's free!

---{ Bugs }---
☑ Minor bugs

---{ ? / 10 }---
☑ 9

YES

the game is BS! yah I have played 100 hours worth. But I rage quit after 2 matches.

:(

good

its fun but very grindy

Game shows obvious favor towards countries like Germany and Russia. They nerf the hell out of the US so that there is little chance of winning. It's without a doubt a pay to win kind of game and I'm the kind who will not give them my hard earned cash. I'd suggest something like DCS instead if your looking for a sim that has accurate representation of aircraft performance and combat.

very realistic suggested to military fan

ha,i think ijust played a match and then boom



this game made me laugh, not because it was funny but because i was so mad i didn't know how to express it. This game breaks my insanity but keeps calling me to play and play, even when i don't want to.

This is an incredibly great game! Love the realism and the fun, now the only issue is the grind, but it will make a man out of you lol.


ME LIKE THIS GAME ITS GOOD GAME IT MAKE ME MAD SOME TIME BUT I LIKE GAME STILL

wallet emptier simulator

IT IS SO GOOD

yes

Litley da fwiggen gweatest game eva litley

tonk

I lost all of my progress and all my premuim vehicles.

Ever wanted to commit? play it. When you kill someone it feels like you have just won a fortnite game and when you get killed by some random ahh dude from 2km away you want to end it all. 10/10 game

this game will ruin your life by wasting your time and money on gawd, 11/10

wadw

I may have not spend any money on this game but it has consumed my brain

its grindy but good

yes

everybody says its hard but im just good

its ight

YAY

This game sucks and has ruined my life. 10/10

[Due to the nature of this review, it has been removed]

Fix your spotting system in air rb pls

just stay away from anyone else who plays

ok

it is NOICE (:

it giooodh

great game until they leak your government secret

good


---{ Graphics }---
☑ Beautiful

---{ Gameplay }---
☑ Good

---{ Audio }---
☑ Very good

---{ Audience }---
☑ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults

---{ PC Requirements }---
☑ Decent

---{ Game Size }---
☑ Big

---{ Difficulty }---
☑ Significant brain usage

---{ Grind }---
☑ You'll need a second life for grinding

---{ Story }---
☑ No Story

---{ Game Time }---
☑ Average

---{ Price }---
☑ It's free!

---{ Bugs }---
☑ Never heard of

---{ ? / 10 }---
☑ 8

(Sometimes) worth it.

i love germans


this game is fucking hell

I keep getting stuck in spectator mode when joining a game, if I leave during match then I have to wait until game is over. Fix your game.

is ok

snail

Absolute horrible piece of trash, teammates blind as fuck and tanks with no weak spots 0/10 would never play again.

the mighty snail has a a burning hate for me

Very nice game!

good game

it good

brilllllllllllllllllllllllllll


im loosing my sanity

if you want to spend your money sell your house kids wife and car play this game 10/10

its a grind but getting through all the prop planes with a couple premium planes and sub is reasonably quick. Russian trees def. get good bias but not game breaking. love the game but do with premium currency was cheaper.

This game is amazing. The graphics and SFX are incredible.  One of my favorite parts are the dog fights.  One time i was playing War Thunder and my wing smashed into another plane and broke off and i somehow kept going! Surprisingly i lasted about 5 minutes before crashing while trying to hit ground troops. This game is awesome. The crash physics have me blown away. The simplicity of the plane exploding when impact with the ground is pure AWESOME. i would deffinitly reccomend this game to anyone who wants to find an awesome, war, flight game.

Game went through a rough patch, and likely will again. But imagine this, you release a decade defining masterpiece of a game with over 400,000 concurrent players and resounding, overwhelmingly positive reviews, getting awards at game awards, and then because of some development decisions, that 400,000 player count drops to a mere sixth of what it once was, and the playerbase being viscerally mad at you with reviews reflecting just that.
And all while this is happening, you keep at the development of your game, and recover it with some of the best, most solid ass updates, adding tons of new content and all of a sudden the lowest dip in the player count, being on a monday morning, is higher than the peaks it experienced weeks prior. 
This game has been recovered, and you should come back and experience it once again.

Even though there will likely be another blunder in the future, the devs are human. Despite this fact, they did not let the anxiety get to them and they recovered this masterpiece, further refining it into what it now is, deserving all of its former glory once again.

Pidarastiskas zaidimas, bet deja as ji zaidziu ( 10 PANZERKAMPFWAGEN is 10 )

If you want to start doubting your own existence, want to be the most toxic version of yourself, overall hate anyone and everything around you, want to be molested by grown up tryhards that produce enough sweat to fill aquariums, and want to spend your precious time grinding pixels on your screen in the research trees, then yes, ladies and gents, this game is for you!

This game is so good for its price! You don't need to be a high tier to enjoy it, it's realistic, it's epic, and it's fun! (Don't forget the adorable kittens on the feedback page:)  If you like tanks, planes, and ships all in one game, this is the game for you!!!!

i like the game the play

hhhh

it is a fun game with good grafics

good $hit

it just only campers like I try to play the game then the campers makes it shit

IDK why we dont fly drones with mouse and keyboard. I switched from console to PC and now i'm THAT DUDE. Ayo government sign me up.



verry cool game yaaayyy

PLS HELP ME!

it's not free . you need to buy  premium every year

This game is great, I just reached Tier IV!

snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail snail

the best game i will put all my money here


good game

Snail

Is very good game, good realism. Be cautious of the snail, it will take your money and soul. You think it wont? trust me, after rank 5 you realise, what is life.

good


I THINK THAT WAR THUNDER IS A GREAT GAME FOR PEOPLE WHO LIKE ANYTHING RELATED TO WAR OR JUST WANT TO BEAR THERE FRIENDS IN THE AIR OR ON THE GROUND.

its fun

I don't know if I would recommend playing this, but you should buy a jet and play this game with me. Thanks.

pls snail i need the bosters its  been 50 days 😭😭😭

its so fun that it sucks your life out like a blood sucking leech

the snail wants to eat me

gay game takes too long to get the good stuff and costs you your soul and your entire bank account to buy a dlc

Terrible experience...


Will play again.

best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i can shoot missiles from my f14 that i spent 90€

shoot missle
plane go boom
10/10

This game is a massive waste of time. It sets expectations so High it can shatter the Moon in half, over 2000 Hours of grinding to Play in fucking top tier. "But you can get Premium and grind Easier!" I Aint listening to that bullshit you call premium, its just a waste of your valuable money. The game is also Way to Repetitive and Gets boring way too fast. The games updates are always usually massive making people come back for more, its manipulating you. If your a Player of this game, Of any Kind, I'd recommend you Uninstall the game and go do something better with your life, like Touching Grass or Getting a Job.

this game is like fentanyl: you try it once, then you love it so much you have to spend money on it, then be happy you spent money on it, then get sad, then spend more money on it, and then repeat it until you die

that was nice

TOOK MY SOUL AND MONEY

I tried airplane simulators, but they’re boring. I wanted to play with a joystick and enjoy realistic battles, but seeing anything from the cockpit (especially in biplanes) is nearly impossible, so I gave up. The game quickly forces you to spend real money just to move past those planes, no matter how determined you are to play for free.

Research takes forever, and even progressing through the first tiers feels endless. There’s no sense of achievement, especially during the first few hours, which are supposed to draw you in.

Ground battles with tanks have some interesting ballistic mechanics, but at lower levels, it feels like you’re either playing against bots (boring) or getting destroyed by veterans.


The snail has my soul and my body

I am highly dissapointed in Gaijin, the developer of this game's current handling of various factors related to it. Particularly their blatant and repeated hypocrisy in statements they make to the community, general lack of regard for player enjoyment, general greed and short term profit driven decisions, and overall level of communication and collaboration with their highly passionate community. War Thunder is a game with a great deal of potential which is unfortunately being hindered by the developers highly questionable and frankly odd decisions. Given the current state of this game in terms of this, as well as actual gameplay and balance I cannot recommend this game to any new players. While I will say again this game has a lot of potential it is simply not worth it for any new players to come to the game at this time due to these factors, but if these things change in the future I definitely can see this becoming a great and unique game. I think overall the developers just need to realize that making a fun game is where they should put their focus as in the long term this is what will foster the most player retention and therefore spending, I certainly am reluctant to spend as much time or money on this game as I would likely otherwise due to this.

Pros:
Many Vehicles
Semi-realistic gameplay

Cons:
Poor Balancing
Often frustrating gameplay
Lacking gameplay diversity
Lacking support from developers
Poor implementation  and balance of many vehicles (your favorite vehicle might just be impossible to play despite being in the game due to this).

Overall:
Would not recommend in the current state due to poor development decisions, may improve in future but not currently worth investing time and money.

After spending 2000 hours playing the game, I received a permanent ban for "modified in-game files," without being told which files specifically. I have never in my life even googled anything prohibited for War Thunder. Support refused to help and stated that my account is banned permanently and will not be unblocked in the future, adding that this decision is final and will not be changed. Think twice about whether it's worth starting to play this game at all.

This game a time investment, with every progress and vehicle u unlock you get closer and closer to taking a bath with a toaster

Its a good game but for me 3 things make it SO ANNOYING 
1 repair cost when you start in a high tier match and die instantly to some idiot on the COMPLETE OPPOSITE SIDE OF THE MAP snipe you with a Round that has STUPIDLY HIGH PENETRATING ABILITIES for its BR and then you ragequit to the hangar
to be met with an 8 minute crew lock a 4k repair cost for a vehicle you BARELY used.
 
2 CREW LOCK 8 MINUTES?

3 HIRING A CREW. IT COSTS SOOO MUCH TO HIRE SOME "EXPERIENCED" CREW THAT CAN'T EVEN SEE A TANK 400 METRES AWAY.

thanks for listening to me vent :3 (all in all its a good game)


Anything beyond the cold war is garbage, CAS is a nightmare to deal with, and non western tanks seem better than their western counterparts. Don't be fooled by the "Realism" claims, their complete BS. theirs so many things wrong here i could make a documentary. Don't be like me and waste your life away here. Play a dif game, or use your time better.

They don't even try to make vehicles accurate to real life rn, just look how they massacred my beloved PzH2000 and RDLF/LT. Spookston dreams and love for the RDLF/LT / HSTV-L are turning on his grave.

Don't play this game the worst fucking thing you can do is play this garbage of a arcade game that they present as being realistic you will love fighting cold war tanks with ww2 tanks every single game this game is pure fucking garbage

I was told to download this game by my friends and it's fun. Its not. Whats the point of an armored vehicle if its really made out of paper mache and im going back to the hanger in the first minute of a game

I hate this stupid ass fucking game, this shit has genuinely ruined my life and mental health because I am stupid enough to want to have fun in this game and not grind gazillion hours to obtain the new meta tank or whatever. if you like having fun you should play on arcade, cause realistic is basically driving for 30 minutes then getting blown up by a tank you didn't even see, the onl;y problem with that is that it will get you shit fucking nowhere, that stupid snail studio thinks that arcade is "too easy" so will only award you crumbles of research points for each match. alternative is to sell your fucking soul to gaijin and play this game for 236512635612h or buy a fucking premium vechicle from them, and I shit you not that is actually the best way to research in this game, just buy the best tier premium vechicle and watch as the research tree advances effortlessly because you basically become invincible as the best vechicles in the game are premium. Also all the players of this game will defend gaijin and the russian propaganda behind it beccause they are too autisic and love the "realism" of the tanks in the game and also because they sold their soul to gaijin and Putin by spending to many irl dollars and time on this game which makes them feel obligated toi shill this game else they would admit they are a bunch of stupid bastards.

War Thunder is a fun and intense military combat simulator that covers aircraft, tanks, and naval battles. After playing for 190 hours, here’s what I think:

Pros:
	•	Diverse Gameplay: You get to experience battles from different eras with planes, tanks, and ships. There’s always something new to try.
	•	Realistic Mechanics: The game’s physics and combat mechanics are very detailed, making it feel like you’re actually in the battle.
	•	Huge Community: There’s a large player base, which makes for exciting online matches.
	•	Good Graphics: The visuals are solid, and the environments look great, especially in air and tank combat.

Cons:
	•	Grind: Progressing through the game can be time-consuming, especially at higher tiers. It feels like the grind never ends.
	•	Monetization: While not pay-to-win, the game does have a lot of microtransactions, which can be frustrating if you’re trying to progress without spending money.
	•	Balance Issues: Sometimes certain vehicles feel overpowered, leading to unbalanced matches.

Maybe you installed the game thinking "cool, just like the Commando comics I used to like as a kid!". Well, yes, this is essentially that, but written by people who think the Nazis should have won. You'll be rolling in your Sherman VC, facing shit Hitler drew on a napkin while hammered, while your shots do nothing because the devs refuse to even open Wikipedia articles about 17pdr performance. Just play the Nazis, Russians or Americans if you must, you're just a waste of bandwidth otherwise in Gaijin's eyes.

This game is something like a love-hate relationship. The game itself is most of the time fun, with the tanks and planes and tank-plane battles (don't get me started on naval), but the hate part is the devs. They add a vehicle to something other than Russia, and make it ridiculously under powered in most cases, and then add something TO Russia and make it overpowered. It feels like every update there's some sort of Russian premium they add for $70 just for a cash grab. This game is a 6/10 for sure.

I used to love WT when it was new. loved the potential and direction everything seemed to be going. I started hating WT when they killed how much XP and in game currency you earned per match, it was to the point that you were lucky to earn anything even with a win and great D/K ratio, they did this to force players to have to buy premium and premium currency. moving this all back for a second, my biggest problem with the game, WT HATES the US. The US tech tree is littered with inaccuracies EG the HSTVL. WT modeled the tank and ammo to their liking and not to historically accurate documentation. all that to say, they killed the fire rate to 1 round every 1.4 seconds. The manufacturer spec'd that system to 2 rounds per second. they also have the ammo made of tungsten when in fact its spent uranium (huge difference in penetration statistics). Gaijin acknowledges this and decided against using its real life specs. this is one tank of oh so many. why would they do that, balance? yet the Russian tech-tree seems to have god mode (my bad, volumetric) as plot armor. another example, the M901, is at a higher BR than the marder, and bmp series which are objectively better in every regard, but placed lower to make it easier use. 

there are so many more examples, (dont get me started on how much france is screwed over) but i loved this game, but the developer cant even hide their bias for russian vehicles. its the whole reason idiots were dropping classified documents about vehicles, Gaijin is totally biased. you can supply (and a great YTber named Spookston has on several occasions) non classified documentation from the US Army and the tanks manufacturer and Gaijin will give you the same standard answer... "we researched it" funny how their "research" is at complete odds with the people who designed and built the thing. 

my only advise if you decide to invest any amount of time in this game, play russia. you'll still get screwed by Gaijin, but at least you wont be getting nerfed cause the developer hates the country you play.

Now a moment od silence for France and its never ending uphill battle in WT

I love ww2 planes, but when Im forced to spawn in and wait 20 minutes to climb straight up and then immediately get shot down by an aircraft thats 2000 times better than mine makes me want to kill myself. Air battles straight up suck.

I've played this game a lot, and here's the things you need to know first and foremost as a video game:

- The game is very much pay-to-win. Various vehicles cost $$$ to get, and they are consistently far superior to their non-paid peers. It isn't cheap pay-to-win either, with a single vehicle costing $40-$80.

- The game is wildly inconsistent. Sometimes you will one-shot others or be one-shot, sometimes a dozen times to no real effect. The game is either horribly balanced, or stricken with hackers. Likely a little bit of both.

- The game is a horrific time waster. If you enjoy spending 5 minutes flying a plane into battle, just to immediately be one-shot and now you're out of the match, then this is the game for you. If not, you really ought to go elsewhere.

- The game looks very nice. At high settings, the graphics are quite pretty, and the game is fun to look at it as you play; if you're into sims like this.

- The game has respectable physics. It's not a high-end sim quality, but it's better than average.

Overall, after spending over 500 hours playing this game across various modes and a multitude of vehicles, I wouldn't really recommend this to anyone. The game is frustrating more often than it's fun, and some people have the inexplicable luck of being able to one-shot you in any mode, in any vehicle, at any time. I know they're updating to a new anti-cheat, and all that tells me is that their current anti-cheat isn't doing well enough and the game does indeed have a cheater issue, which may well explain the above gripe.

I obviously can't fault you if you want to play it; lord knows I've done so more than I should. But I do feel like you deserve fair warning of the kind of headache you're signing up for if you do.

Play America for mobility, Germany for armor, Sweden for penetration, or USSR for all of the above (Russian bias)

constantly bombed in a ground game mode very annoying

This game is like a really hot chick that is abusive, it brings you nothing but pain yet you still cant help but to stay.

I can't imagine playing this game enough to get past the first tier of tanks. Every shot instantly disables half the modules on your vehicle, nothing bounces shots, it takes ages to research anything because you can't get experience, etc. I'm sure some people out there enjoy getting farmed by vets starting out but it isn't for me. Easy uninstall

It's alright. I like the fact that you can see the individual parts of your tank. The game is definitely grindy, but that's to be expected from any free to play game. Plus, I've unironically played over 1,000 hours of Destiny 2, so I'm in no place to say grindy games are bad. But, the game has a horrible monetization issue. The game seems fine at first, allowing you to pretty much endlessly queue for game after game with the starter tanks. But the problem happens when you increase the ranks of the vehicles. You have a currency called SL (Silver Lions) that you earn through playing. The repair cost of a tank is paid in SL. But the higher the rank of vehicle, the more SL it takes to fix. This leads to you having to suffer a loss each game you play, unless you shoot enough people or don't damage your vehicle. Otherwise you can just wait hours for it to repair itself. This turns the game from being fun, to being like those mobile games where you only get so many plays per day and have to wait a long time to regain them.
Overall, it's fun. But in the end its just another free-to-start money sink. Get invested in another game.

I'm just glad that War thunder has competition with World of Tanks, because I feel like without that competition the game would be way more pricey.

Game is fun at the start,but i soon relized there is 0 teamwork and if you try to get the team to work as a group they 99% of the players throw a tantrum. 4/10 would be 8/10 if the player base wasnt shit

A god damn unsturdy half broken wooden pole stopped a 50mm round from a tank, its unbalanced and stupid honestly. 3/10

I have spent quite a bit of time and a little bit of money once too, however I cannot for the life of me recommend this game to anyone interested. Simply because the balance of this game is so off and against the Allied Nations that you'll hear people questioning Gaijin's choices a wildy common theme.
Yes there are some games you'll enjoy, however they are so few and far between, it is simply not worth your time to find them.

I'll try to keep it short. Before you play this game Google "Is Russian Bias real or not?" and about "hellish moderators such as  TrickZZter"


A simple search on Google/Youtube will spout multiple things, memes, serious talks and discussions of people and content creators complaining of this since forever. In one such video by Spookston, he pointed out and submitted REAL EVIDENCES 
 of the various inaccuracies about Allied Vehicles only to be ignored to the point where he found out CODES where devs artificially buff Russian Vehicles. They don't listen to the creators, let alone players. Moderators such as TrickZZter make life even more hell.
Gaijin's only defenders are the Russains who main comparatively cheaper vehicles (game currency-wise) and are some are grossly overtuned. (There are videos of people reseaching this aswell, its still up). And Russian mains only reply I've came across multiple times is "Skill issue" when 3/4 of the everyone is complaining about the same things.

For anyone looking for similar games, I'd whole heartedly direct you to Squad, Squad 44, Gunner Heat PC and the like. Again it is up to you to decide, but almost everything else is worth over Gaijin and I'd warn you to save your money, time and mental instead.

One of the worst games I have ever played, mechanics are inconsistent, information and stats are just wrong, getting modern vehicles is an unfun grind that takes many thousands of hours and overall this game just isn't good.

this game is full of shit its so annoying to constantly get better players at lower ranks i do not advise anyone to play this game it is just so fuked up

the game gets worse and worse with each update. they also lie right in your face with the recent update storm warning where they say about the panzerhaubitze 2000 that it has a very good  or the best reload of all artillery systems ingame and then change it after the update is out to 13 seconds. they are changing so many things without telly anyone that you feel more and more scamed.


Edit: well they changed the PZH2000 reload time to 5 sec for a 2 round first-stage ammorack and then 7.5 sec reload for the first round after its empty.
It's better but they could at least test the 3,5 sec reload for the first-stage readyrack and then a 5 sec reload for the first that not in it. so we have that irl historical 3 round burst in 10 sec

I've been playing this game for like 3 days and every time I want to play, it gets an update. Seriously?

Game for masochists. you will bang your head to a wall until you go crazy enough to give Gajin money for a premium tank only to notice that enemy team just laughs at you while rolling over your dead corpse. There is just enough time between matches for your blood pressure to calm down and stop your veins from bursting. Everyone has a magic dart that can pen you no matter the angle or armor thickness. If you are in a heavy tank you are going to face the only tank in the enemy team that can one shot and pen your strongest angled armor. Higher tiers is just snap shot fest who can shoot the fastest and most shots are one shots. you need to know the maps and know every camping spot to survive the top tier. 

Progression and economy is so slow that it can take years to research just one country's tech tree and even with premium account and vehicle it only reduces the time needed to half. Premium vehicles are just a trap to new players thinking it is going help them get more kills and points but the game might in the worst case become even harder if you jump to higher tier where the game play and tactics are completely different where you are used to.

I enjoy playing heavy tanks and would like Gajin to make the armor mean something again. Keep WW2 and cold war vehicles separated. Heavy tanks should be scary, slow, killing machines almost like mini bosses that are unkillable from the front. remove the dart rounds and every magic bullet from low tiers that can pen everything.

vehicles are not balanced for such a big BR range to be fun. Armor or cannons are not good enough in every case to be enough to compete with enemies. Reduce the BR scale from +/-1 to like 0.4. yes the queue times are going to increase but i would rather wait 20 seconds more for a game im going to enjoy than get a instant game where im up tiered to a game where my tank is mostly just a useless spectator where i can maybe shoot enemies barrels or tracks off. Yes there is always something you can do in a match no matter how unlucky you are in the matchmaker but no i dont want to be forced to be a scout in my tank. Atleast add a big boost to research and income for your actions in a up tier to incentivize people to try to do stuff in the match. 

The game can be fun at times but most often you just die to some random shell flying across the map between trees and windows that sends you back to hangar. oh and i forgot to mention close air support. there is not much you can do against them if your team don't have planes to counter them. most AA vehicles overheat so fast that you cant kill the planes or they are just so weak BB guns that they cant even scratch the windshield on the planes and yes its mostly just a skill issue.

 If you start you should start with Russian tree because there is strong bias for those vehicles.

god i hope the guys making gunner heat pc get to complete their game cause man there's nothing like this yet its a chore to play

im too far in to give up

Forced me to get a Gaijin account and then promptly deleted all of my progress. Good game, rubbish developer. Only buy for the reduced price of $-5.

love the tanks, half the roster for planes are strike craft and bombers except 70% the time ur just gonna get missions that only take fighters into account, terrible maps, stallin proud t-34 spam, and the most brain dead individuals you will ever see. prepare to either be 1st place every game, or face a russian with 4000 hours and get revenge bombed into the dirt every game. Still gonna play the hell out of this but my god its such an annoying game.

Do NOT play this game. One round, and your life is over. You will spiral into insanity alongside your BR 3.3 plane spiraling into a dense forest in bumfuck nowhere USSR. ONE game, and your life is over. You will be addicted. You will NOT escape. Play it, and the Snail has your life. It will grip your very soul with its slimy slug I-don't-even-know-what-it's-called. It is currently 4:36a.m. and I feel like going for another round. God save me.

The obvious russian bias is sadly no questionable joke anymore but reality - new nato vehicles get nerfed for no reason, ignoring any historical sources - even data from the manufacturer itself will be ignored if it would mean to improve a Nato vehicle while russian vehicles get stats that are pulled out of their ass with no explanation where that data is coming from. it is not just a terrible joke, its outright gamebreaking right now.

Хотите поучавствовать в активном бетта-тесте, вам сюда, симулятор настроек выбор очевиден, остальным кто не хочет обречь себя на кустовую боязнь и подрыв жопы не советую. Если решитесь обзаведитесь второй клавиатурой, а то настраивать кнопки на одну некуда

fun is temporary. grind is eternal. 100% recommend

It began as a spark, a simple curiosity.
But curiosity turned into obsession.
Every battle was a new chapter,
every defeat a chance to improve.
I kept going, chasing perfection,
haunted by the thrill of victory and the sting of failure.
Before I knew it, I lost count.
I spent over 1,000 hours,
and yet there was still a challenge I couldn't ignore.
A goal I needed to conquer no matter what.
I had to carry the fight to the end
to lead my team to VICTORY.

And that's why ...

fun interesting i spend a few hours on this game a day and i play it with my friend allot honstly if i could give it stars it would be five stars

if you wanna fell like your getting tased in the balls while being fucked by a big black guy and also eating toothpaste and drinking orange juice then you will love this game.

Maining Britain is an exercise in masochism. At least it makes playing literally any other nation about 5x easier. John War Thunder.

This game is like cancer it slowily grows and strips you away from your humanity.I am worse off than someone with terminal cancer please help.I am locked in gajin basement ,I AM BASEMENT GUY HELLLPPPP

hard start if you dont want pay to win feature but after you get a decent crew started up it gets much better.

worst game ive ever played and the creators are the most money hungry losers alive paired with toxic players and sweaty pros, 10/10 would recommend

fun and cool game if you like fighting in vehickles but i think it is a little too hard to upgrade tears. i reccomend this game.

this game is now bullshit i have 1200+ hours on gaijin platform
this game does not care if you play it they care if you pay them money
silver lions and RP are wy to make you pay and the grind is still so slow
im not playing game by spoiled and greedy people f**k you Gaijin im not playing until its the game everyones want
f**k Gaijin and its games
Gaijin is like EA


Those are the aviation fan! I will recommend play this game seems fun and good combat hours, only the game had a real grind into it, and history.

this game is like a toxic relationship except it just kicks you over and over and over and over

grind is kinda go, cause the grind is JUST PLAY THE GAME. AKA do the fun thing alot and you get more shit. better than the games that force specific play for the grind which may or may not be your form of enjoyment

Realistic but fun, has received innumerable updates over the years.

great game but please make robux cheaper, i can't buy anything wiht this low robux

Just an unfair, luck based p2w game can be fun but ruined by the game itself sometimes.

I love this game, there is so much to do, and it is incredibly realistic, and a great game.

it is very realistic and has a wide selection of vehicals

have you ever felt like being beat into slavery with missiles and guns whipping your ass? then i got the game for you. warthunder! -840756945/10 please dont buy the game im saving you.

This is one of the best free games you can play, this game is for people who like war games and brings you from ww2 and old planes,tanks,helicopters,battleships and lets you get more and more modern with bombs, missiles and more. I would highly reccomend to all that love action and good graphics.

this game is the definition of Russia pays us money to make their team the best at everything.

The game itself is probably not that bad. It forces you really to play with USSR and USA nations (Germany just sucks for some reason). The graphics are really good, mechanics mostly work and it's fun to play.

But listen, it's fun to play if you enjoy the gameplay. I find it too difficult and I don't really like it, even when I learned what does what. If you don't find the game fun even after some time, uninstall it for your own good or you'll go crazy like me.

so far its pretty fun really like the detail and the way the controls feel

Even though it's a hard game through out, but it is fun to kill time or with friends.

Top Tier is horrible I would never recommend and please do not spend any money on this bad game

Games decent if you need something to sink hours into on days when you are bored, however the developers are more greedy than EA, so if you want to make any significant progression in less than 1000 hours of the same exact gamemode, you better get that wallet out. That, and a ton of vehicles are either locked behind a paywall, or are exclusively available on the marketplace, for real money of course.

its a great game but, 

the game is good but at 1.3 all of the players are stupid and brainrotted. would recomend 10/10

Certified farming/grinding simulator, and not in the fun way.
You will get addicted, lose friends, lose braincells.
Russia wins. That is all. Anything else is a fluke.

I is tired, boss. Gimme a break I begs ya

Okay i have played this game +1000 hours just its not recognised it idk but this game has given me trust issues and my bank account has ran away but at least i have reached top tier right. This game stole my soul and my free time this game has trapped me in an endless loop of just wake eat play eat sleep over and over again.

10/10 would not recommend if you want to keep your soul

I personally like the game, but if you get it and want better shit, ur bound to buy shit

awesome game with tons of options for every player, would recommend.

A classic F2P grind game. And while it does look beautiful and is quite fun when you start, it turns into a long frustrating grind and the game will constantly encourage you to buy premium time or premium vehicles to make the grind more bearable. 

Once you reach Rank 3 you will increasingly meet very experienced players (or cheaters) and the rounds generally become less fun and often very one sided. 

Play at rank 1 or rank 2 for some fun, but do not think about the top tier without investing either a lot of money or an insane amount of time.

Really good game: all the mechanics add to the game and it runs well on my garbage PC

fun game after you play a game without getting the whole enemy team on your ass

if you love war virchles and you dont want to use 300gb storage to instal world of warship - tank and airplains and you want to experience them in one game and with extremly same experince i would recommend you to play this

You get the game. Happy low teir battles in Germany. Unlock rank 2. Having a blast. Unlock rank 4 is pure pain. Most parts are fun but some are pain. Once you get the job there is no leaving the office. Overall I give it a solid 8.3/10 lol.

Watched a armor piercing round tank round pierce my aa gunners head 10/10

Its a fun game if you like planes, tanks and ships. Its a intense game where you can either make people/AI nose dive into the ground or water, or make tanks erupt in flames.

the snail is going to bleed either your soul or wallet completely dry
10/10


Played this game for 1,500 hours just on steam and for 10 years total. I love this game but can be annoying sometimes, why are the planes so explosive when it hits the ground? I can only can go insane so many times before going insane is normal. :|

very arousing kittens asked me to review this game
10/10 recommended

Игра дерьмо мало того, что последние обновления делают все чтобы меньше закидывать деньги так еще и сама игра делает все чтобы ты проигрывал, простите, но не рокомендую пока разработчики не сделают все нормально и сбмм и баланс(боевые рейтинг), и нормальную систему объемных снарядов, это не игра цу гребаный кринж.
The game is shit, not only do the latest updates do everything to make you less money, but the game itself does everything to make you lose, I'm sorry, but I don't recommend it until the developers make everything normal and balance (combat rating) and a normal system of volumetric shells, this is not a game of fucking cringe.

tree is pretty grindy but once you get to 3.3 you have to verse the ultimate russian bias th T34

worst game that i have ever played in my life. it's only microtransactions uppon microtransactions litterally tried to make me review it good by showing me cats i hate france