very fun

bad game

very good game :)

....

Great game

good


Sick!!!

Great gameplay in regular intervals the devs are too incompetent to properly test their game. Result is i have to let myself die to people 1/3 of the games because devs dont know how to make amd graphics work and you are not allowed to leave the game because you torpedo your reputation which you need for some bonus items

good

gg and goodbye

ასკჯფნბასდლიჯბფოსდაბფლკჯბ

thought the game was shit, friend introtuced me and now im addicted

This game is fun with friends :>

Its Realistic asf ngl but better than some pay2win shooters game

.

worst game of all time

PUBG is super addictive, especially when you’re playing with friends. The game can be a lot of fun, but it’s also a rollercoaster of frustration. The maps are solid, and the performance holds up decently.

Shotguns are my worst nightmare in close combat, they’re just annoying. Other weapons are fine, but that shotgun rage is real. Despite that, I keep coming back for more, mainly because playing with friends makes it worth it.

What a bunch of bologna.

bestest game ever

idk shroud left

nice game

Goated game.

cok

You cant play this game with all Windows Security Features enabled (core isolation). Get some skill developing software...

greatest game ever

nice

bussin

bro this is just a copy of fortnite, who in their right mind would play this cheap knockoff? The only thing that this game doesn't have is building. 0/10 would not recommend, lazy devs didn't even add chapter 6 yet smh

realistic

Dont play as a newbie, nothing but tryhards or people camping in buildings. Only game I could vouch for having some sort of SBMM.

dying but fun

too many people hacking/cheating this game, if you ain't hacking/cheating you shouldn't play this game straight up

goated


not worth it

The game has plenty of negative aspects, especially weak enforcement for toxic players and just an overall bad matching system, but I still play it so there's that. It's better the more friends you have, particularly when they're good players.

lit

111

Its cool.

fgxvhfgbgfhgfshgsfhsgr

fun

i hate this, i hate it, make it stop, keep this thing away from me.

mi love dis game dis game good ya'know. di game to die 4

lot of asians here

I wouldn't normally recommend this, but unfortunately it's one of the better ones on the market right now. I want to throw up in my mouth. I'd say if you're on your own play anything else but with friend's it's an alright time. Not to say it's good just that there's no real competition in the mass market realistic shooter. Call of Duty is AI shlock, Siege is barely surviving along with Ubisoft. It's disappointing out there. Maybe I'll try cs:go.

game get crash after 2 match, network lag detect 


If ur looking for a game with action this is not the place no one lands hot drops everyone just lands in random areas and camps the entire game u gotta pay £12 to even play ranked but game is free

games a flop

TOO MUCH PROBLEM CRASH, BLUE SCREEN

PUBG is always best to play when you have your SQUAD!

заебашил друга

If the enemy is in range, then so are you

recent udate made the game better
but there is still problems with online, it feels like you are alone in the match until the zone gets smaller

if u wanna rage yes

good

PEOPLE IN THIS GAME HAVE NO LIFE THEY NEED TO TOUCH GRASS BECAUSE THEY HAVE INSANE AIM, I GET KILLED THE FIRST BLIMMING SECOND OF THIS STUPID GAME HOW?????? please touch grass you filthy animals. -Yours sincerly d1zzyy ;(

it's not bad

dont dare

I really like this game but still disappointed that PUBG battleground haven't sort it out with hackers problems. I just wish they could embedded anti cheats in the game.

Don't waste your time unless you are willing to spend countless hours fixing the issues the devs are too POES lazy to fix! Issues with Battleye and being kicked for no reason...Issues with ISP's connections, you would be better off spending your time building and developing your own game than buying/downloading for free when it is free. This game is about as well rendered as a turd falling into a basin with slow water running.

Please reward this comment. I still have 4000 points left to buy those sexy avatars and backgrounds. Give me thumbs up, and you will grow 4cm. Reward this and you will grow 40cm.
.⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⠘⡿⢛⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⢻⣿⣿⠃⠸⣿⣿⣿⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄
⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⢀⠼⣛⣛⣭⢭⣟⣛⣛⣛⠿⠿⢆⡠⢿⣿⣿⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄
⠄⠄⠸⣿⣿⢣⢶⣟⣿⣖⣿⣷⣻⣮⡿⣽⣿⣻⣖⣶⣤⣭⡉⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄
⠄⠄⠄⢹⠣⣛⣣⣭⣭⣭⣁⡛⠻⢽⣿⣿⣿⣿⢻⣿⣿⣿⣽⡧⡄⠄⠄⠄
⠄⠄⠄⠄⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣶⣌⡛⢿⣽⢘⣿⣷⣿⡻⠏⣛⣀⠄⠄
⠄⠄⠄⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣦⠙⡅⣿⠚⣡⣴⣿⣿⣿⡆⠄
⠄⠄⣰⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⠄⣱⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄
⠄⢀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄
⠄⣸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠣⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄
⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠛⠑⣿⣮⣝⣛⠿⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠄
⢠⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣶⠄⠄⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⠄

555


EARLY ACCESS TIL NOW STILL GOOD GAME <3

กดเจอโปรแทบจะทุกตา เกมไม่มีคุณภาพในการตรวจสอบจับโปร

Yes give it a proper try.
Do some of the training.
Practice on the shooting range, get a feel of the weapons and controls. AND KILL EVERYONE!!

Don't forget to invest in BTC. The worlds fastest growing Asset.

good

🤘

hi

a

Зашел в игру - умер
Решил сменить режим - умер
Смотрел, как летит дроп - умер
Пока искал оружие - умер
Пока искал патроны на оружие - умер
Ехал на машине - умер
Искал противника в прицеле - умер

11 чернокожих трансгендерских скинов из 8

Good overall game.
Still some cheaters.
Zero skill balance.
Zero optimization - the game is so old and the graphics are not that great but the optimization is so bad you cant help but think the developers are actually mining bitcoin.

Started with dreams of chicken dinners. Ended up looting for 20 minutes, getting sniped from a bush 500 meters away, and watching the killcam of a guy who never moved. 10/10 would uninstall and reinstall again.

Sau geiles game. Hab ich mal vor Ewigkeiten gekauft - es ist sehr gut gealtert.

Als das Game rauskam, hab ich es mir sofort gekauft. Es war wie Counter Strike, nur auf einer riesigen Map und mit Waffen einfach so zum aufheben. Leider ist das Game dann gratis geworden, was viele Cheater angelockt hat. Es war unspielbar, weil die in jedem Game ihr unwesen trieben.

Mittlerweile scheint das Problem deutchlich verbessert worden sein. Seitdem ich wieder angefangen habe es zu spielen, hatten wir in ca 30 Matches vielleicht 1-2 Cheater, einen sehr offensichtlichen. Einige neue Features sind auch dabei: Man kann nun Teammates wiederbeleben, viel mehr Maps als am Anfang, Eisbären die einen sofort zerfleischen, tragbare Fortbewegungsmittel etc...

Es macht einfach mega bock, weil man in dem Spiel auch taktisch agieren muss um es bis ans Ende zu schaffen. Wer bisschen Ahnung hat von Strategie oder Sun Tsu, der kann allein deswegen schon weit kommen. Lass den Feind nicht wissen wo du bist, wie stark du bist oder wann du dich bewegst, dann wird das Spiel einfach *GEEEEEIL*.

I love this game. One of the best RPG-Action game. I recommend it.

WINNER WINNER CHICKEN DINNER!!!

This shit SUCKS!! gunplay is dogshit. movement feels like ass. nothing in this game feels nice. doesn't even look all that good. not sure how this game made this genre of game big. don't spend money on this game at all ever in anyway.

stuck at loading screen cant play load in but hear in game lobby noises, random people talking, getting on plane and got dropped off. I don't know what to expect when the game cant be played and only audio is the thing that I can have.

love being a loot golbin in this game> Also the bots are great to hunt down in a casual match. Wish there were more than 3 casuals to play though

i got my first pc. this was the first game my son wanted me to download. we started playing really good. i love it and then took the controller away.i'd never played mouse and keyboard and i hate the game now.

PUBG is a fun game, especially with friends, but you'll soon find out that there's quite a lot of players cheating in the game. The developer has struggled with the cheating issue for years and rarely bans player rage cheating. It's at the point now where it seems like they aren't even trying to combat the issue. Many long term cheaters seem immune to being banned.

---{ Graphics }---
☑ Decent

---{ Gameplay }---
☑ Good

---{ Audio }---
☑ Not too bad

---{ PC Requirements }---
☑ 128gb ram

---{ Difficulty }---
☑ Difficult

---{ Grind }---
☑ Too much grind

---{ Game Time }---
☑ To infinity and beyond

---{ Price }---
☑ It's free!

---{ Bugs }---
☑ Minor bugs

---{ ? / 10 }---
☑ 7
 

If you like running, looting, running, looting and then just dying from the first person in the bushes, then you're either crazy or a PUBG player.

What a fking stupid game. Crashes out of nowhere and I cannot play. Stupid. Devs need to do a better job

Its a very nice game that I enjoy playing like pubg mobile I just wish they'd add more goodies to the pass which does not get good gun skins or clothing

Damn your servers and your steam app is trash has been trash you idiot developer team didnt even improve it over a decade you are the worst I hope epic games will purchase you completely and wipe you out the market

just like COD, battlefield ,Delta force its pretty fun different for sure

Hello, Blue Hole official pubg has always been a good game in my mind, but recently on December 22, my account received a ban notice from VAC. This is my puzzle. I downloaded pubg immediately after I got a computer, and I didn't have much time to play it in my life. And in daily games, my operation is not so proficient, but inexplicably banned is indeed a little disappointing my expectations of pubg. Or do you think online players are enough and don't want more novice players to play this game? I don't think this is a mistake that a good game manufacturer will make. I hope you can give me a good explanation.

this game sucks! full of cheaters. the developer is not even concerned about it. can't play a single match without encountering some cheater kid with wh, aimbot

The idea behind the game play loop is fun, even iconic. But the execution is so profoundly bad, that I wouldn't recommend this game to my worst enemy.  

I was willing to ignore it when I first started playing this game some years ago, but it now nearly 2025 and the only thing they have improved the execution of is how quickly they can access your wallet. 

(tl;dr 3.5/10 masochists may enjoy)

Pretty epic, overall pretty fun, not very competitive but still keeps alot of tension

Has such a high rate of cheating This game is the perfect example of shitty movement but then using the excuse of it being a realistic shooter. Even though the movement is not realistic it's just shit and annoying and clunky to use movement that is not immersive or fun to deal with. I say a game with a good example of movement that feels realistic and is not annoying or clunky to deal with is R6 that in my opinion is an arcade competitive shooter. optimization is shit too in PUBG.

Much better than the mobile version and indeed one of the best BR games I have found so far. Cheers!

I really want to know how this game manages to take 16GB of RAM, my entire CPU, and tank my GPU all at the same time when I'm medium or low quality settings and it's a game that is about eight years old at this point.

This game was fine for awhile both in performance and gameplay after the initial beta. I'm not sure how it's possible to make a game perform so much [i]worse[/i] over time with increasingly better computer parts and software available. Is this like a GTA V issue where they are loading all the terrible microtransactions at once in a giant list and nobody ever cared to fix or even look at the issue? Is it Cities Skyline 2 where they are rendering the teeth as perfectly immaculate 5000 sided polygons even though they aren't visible?

I wanted to write a funny negative review but I'm tired of companies taking something good and ruining it to squeeze out more money. It's like you can feel the pretentious impatience of the owners of Krapton tapping their foot on the ground with their hand out towards you, waiting for money they believe is owed to them, annoyed they have to put in a below minimum effort to extract wealth with an actual product instead of just snatching it from our hands.

Try not to have friends that play one game and that game is PUBG and you really want to play ANYTHING with them but it's only PUBG. That's the real issue, having friends!

TL;DR 

PUBG sucks thanks to capitalism and Luigi isn't a playable character

1st run: played training mission
2nd run: PUBG only ran after a file integrity check, by the time I got the game to launch, I decided to go to bed
3rd attempted run: ran the file integrity check three times, game still won't launch
My 'Play time' is mainly steam telling me the game is running while I'm looking at an otherwise empty desktop.

It is an awsome game for ppl that like shooter/surviver/FindGuns/And More! Definetly try this game as it is free!

i don't like the random ping increase and freezes, but i like the gameplay and variations within the game. Great fun overall :)


Just....ohhh...Terrible...From bad optimization,servers,chiters...I have high end PC,game just doesnt work.Changed PC 3 times,every time is the same problems.Fps drops when is crowded or smoke,cheaters in almost every game round.Its not fun anymore,its frustrating.Its not worth of your time guys,until they change something but they wont,so...dont bother with this dead game

I think this game is too realistic in terms of gun physics but I like it a lot. Definitely recommend

Definition of battle royale.

Not a big fan of shooters. Even so, the essential elements - such as looting, sneaking around and clever maneuvering make this game a bit more than just a shooter. Combine it with a vast map and some secrets sprinkled about and you get something fairly palatable.
70 / 100


Optimize your damn game i have the specs to run the game but the recent update has caused it to have 100% cpu usage which makes it completely unplayable

Great game! However, there are not enough settings for the match - for example, I don't like that after shooting an enemy in the head in a team match, he is only knocked down (what nonsense?) instead of knocking him out of the game. This is the reason why I started playing solo in PUBG. Give me the "no knockouts" setting!

could be better with updates to engine and overall movement but still a pretty good game

Still unmatched to this day in terms of tension, mechanics and gunplay.
The best slop-like out of them all.

great game other than the graphics and looting system 4/5 stars

Awesome game but it's shitty to play. Literally you need like a 1000 euro PC in order to play it normally, who the heck does that?

It used to be fun, I played this when it launched. Now days its just full of sweats that hs u from 1000m away and insta kill u. Its no middleground anymore, its mostly players that are lvl 300+ and then theres a few casual players like me whos like lvl 60. A fair matchmaking wouldnt hurt.

Realism + skills + slow paced action = PUBG 

Loved the battleroyal but they need to bring back the arcade mode like war mode

Horribly optimized game, cant play without massive stuturs, dont even bother

Considering how easy it is to build a game level in 2024, why can't we get more levels?

Almost Unplayable at this point with the cheaters going crazy...ruining our matches and making us mad....I've been playing this game for years and every year is worst than the previous...the optimize of the game is also really  bad,with decent computer you wont see the performance you would expect...you need high-end pc in order to play smooth and competitive...Making the videogame free to play also attract a lot of cheaters since they can just start again with a free  new account if they get caught...Still after all PUBG is a great battleroyal game and very unique we like it and still playing but other than money interest and releasing skins and battlepass we dont see much interest for actual improvements by the developers..not to mention the buffs that the smgs got....trying to keep the game noob-friendly most of them having hard time handling the AR recoil...please nerf smgs and buff m416 back to where it belongs!

my biggest issue with this game now after 1000 hours and playing it almost since release is that the zone is now moving way too fast making it more into a team deathmatch than a battleroyal

this game has the most annoying performance of all time for what is this crappy shit performance the game looks like crap to tf

Came in to the party pretty late.
I enjoy this game very much, it fits perfectly in the Battle Royal world, gives you the option for a "reality" based battle royal compared to all the others.

The graphics are meh, but I'm still enjoying

at its prime this game was very fun, playing by yourself and meeting new people or squading up with the homies and getting chicken dinners! very good game

PUBG made me have some friends! Just play no cheating! its fun doesnt matter your good at shooting or not just play at your best


great game but getting outdated they need a pubg 2 ....surprisingly better than most battle royals still though

8:00h-17:00h no hackers !
17:00h- untill reset you will find out what I mean.
And what is going on with those level 300-500 players in casual mode, lol... ?
Overall it is a very enjoyable fps shooter. To me it is a Tarkov light if you find Tarkov to tense. That game made me years older by playing it, lol.

Vectorpowa!

+ Free to play, just try it out
+ Some of the best game balancing. Pretty much every gun is viable with some being more meta but it doesn't make the other ones obsolete - lots of personal preference as to what loadout/attachments you want to use. Everyone I play with runs different guns/attachments or a different balance of grenades/meds etc.
+ Few cheaters in EU FPP Squads/Duos (about the same as any competitive game)
+ You are never going to run out of things to improve at. Recoil, aim, looting, positioning, movement etc. all have nearly uncapped skill ceilings
- Poorly optimised, heavily CPU-bound. Running i9 9900k and 2080 @3440x1440 gets around 100-150FPS depending on map and situation but that is mainly due to me running native res

One of my favourite games and it is still being updated, it has a pretty steady player base with matchmaking times being <30s throughout the day.

Bullshit,very fucking buggy and you go against lvl 200 players instantly,you cant even have fun
Not worth installing,fuck this lol

fun game to play with friends and make friends. Don't care much about stupid hacker. i just play for fun.

gameplay is slow but is satisfying when u get a kill.
But the game is very unoptimized :(

2nd review: i recommended this game in my old review but this time i wont. The game lacks optimizations toooo much. My friend has an i5 4590 which is on 100 percent usage with 40fps. Another friend has an i7 6th gen with same 100 percent usage 50 fps too much lagging and stuttering. My game lags soo much too. it doesnt even run smooth in lobby or training match with zero players. I just think the game developers are mining bitcoin at this point. cant even hit constant 40 fps in this game. the worst optimized game me and my friends have ever played. The game is 7 years old but still it cant run smoothly. Old game from 2017 but needs requirments of a 2024 gaming pc. The devs dont care they just getting money from the game by adding useless skins instead of doing something useful such as optimizing the game. i have bad english but i m saying that this game DUCKING SUCKS (only cuz of bad performance overall its good).

one big buggy mess cant even rotate my character and imagine being lvl 5 and getting placed in lvl 100+ lobbies. dont watse your time playing this trash

still plays well for an older game, but lots of bots now and they got rid of some servers so the ping can be shocking at times, think its time to move on from this one

Coming from someone who had over 1k hours on console since 2018, who recently switched to steam. It's truly disrespectful what they've done, Abolishing controller support for PC players with no prior warning or post patch response to the ensuing outrage from all the people who have supported/played this game for years. Being treated like some psycho ex girlfriend triple texting for controllers back. Fuck this company now.

Please fix the patching issue, updates in 5 mins but patches for 2 hours


Abszolút optimalizálatlan, tele van csalókkal. Nem véletlen hagyják abba sokan ennek a "játéknak" a játszását. #FixYourGame

Great game destroyed by cheaters, developers and smurfs. Developers don't care about cheaters, all they care about is their hentai battlepass.
If someone has some nice cheat link please provide so we can all enjoy the game.

Gotta love how they throw in the tutorial after having played the game for more than 80 hours
Joke of a game, literally just wanting to play for a little nostalgia trip without it stealing several hours of my life to finish the tutorial

I had a very difficult beginning, but the game through its complexity finally convinced me. I think it is the best shooter science the times of playing in the yard with friends and guns made of sticks XD XD XD

Good fun, especially if playing in a squad of friends.

Comments section always full of complaints regarding cheaters but after almost 60 hours, I personally haven't come across any I'd say were def' cheating. 

Even if I had, its a game and if people need to cheat to feel accomplished in life, they should be laughed at rather than the game vilified when they actively ban 10,000s accounts each month on suspicion of hacking.

everything chinese and menu so badly made just aliexpress in one game, i want old babadzi back

good,fun,hard,exciting,enjoyable,the ranked system is bad

Whats with this new update? another 27gb? for what? is there a whole new game being install within this one? i'll waste my time downloading this time and if its like its nothing but garbage i'm just gonna uninstall cause 27gb on garbage isnt worth all the space on my pc and thats not including the 50gb the game is already taking why does these stupid games need to be so big for? its a shooting game all you do is get guns, drive cars and shoot each other dont need so much of anything.

"PUBG remains a battle royale classic! 🔥 Intense matches, strategic gameplay, and the thrill of the final circle keep the adrenaline pumping. While it could use more polished mechanics and updates, it’s still a top pick for competitive survival fans!"

It was a bit of a kick in the teeth to make this free after paying for it but meh. I was having fun with my mates. 

Since this region merge its safe to say its definitely made us stop playing. Ping is not a big issue sitting at 120ms roughly. But the 3 bot mates might as well be ranked mode. Id have to quit my job to try keep with these sweats.

Krafton bans accounts arbitrarily, with impunity and without recourse.  Be careful how you spend money in and on this game.

good reliable game to always go back too when all the other "hot new games" disappoint

one of the most amazing game ruined by cheaters unfortunate i want to download and play but i already know the outcome

I bought this game for $60 when it released in 2017. So it is great that it is free to play now and they have mad so many great fixes and added features to this game. The best Battle Royalé game out there. Better version of Day-Z with all the added fun. Takes a while to get a handle on the weapon handling, and aiming but once you do it's rewarding. There's nothing better than running solo play and wiping 4 man's daily. Definitely a recommended download. Plus Battle-passes are usually $4-$9 so cant complain. Also you get lots of E-sports Title and World Champ games to watch throughout the years.

Sometimes I think my friends are bigger enemies than everyone else, they'll shoot me, run me over with a bike or even throw a grenade at me... 
10/10

---{ Graphics }---
☑ Good

---{ Gameplay }---
☑ Very good

---{ Audio }---
☑ Very good

---{ Audience }---
☑ Teens
☑ Adults

---{ PC Requirements }---
☑ Decent
☑ Fast

---{ Game Size }---
☑ Workable

---{ Difficulty }---
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master

---{ Grind }---
☑ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks

---{ Story }---
☑ No Story

---{ Game Time }---
☑ Average

---{ Price }---
☑ Worth the price
☑ If it's on sale

---{ Bugs }---
☑ Never heard of

---{ ? / 10 }---
☑ 9

this game is bad seriously the dev needs to sort it out since when in a game  that bullets turn corners i watched a death cam when i got killed on a main road where clearly the dude in question was aiming miles  behind me instead of leading in front of me and yet i still get killed i cannot recommend this game until the Devs sort this crap out which begs was the dude cheating but i 've reported it as a cheat clearly on screen it looked like he was cheating pleases  Devs sort out your game i will revisit the game every so often  to see any improvements and i will then cater my review to thows improvements  two stars im afraid guys

This game is extremely invasive regarding privacy and lacks optimization. It barely runs, even on modern hardware. I couldn’t even get through the tutorial without it crashing twice. On top of that, it takes around 1.5 minutes just to open. Don’t waste your time

The game was released in 2017 and has been around for 7 years, yet it seems like the developers hired a programming team aged 3-8. After 7 years, the game still hasn’t been optimized. Terrible, this game sucks!!!

Very disappointing. Lags more than anything else. I spent most of the map lagging and this is not due to my internet connection (240 mbps up and down). Ping was 6000ms plus, character feels like he is moving through syrup.

Cheaters, cheaters, and more cheaters.
Can this competition be called fair? - No
There is still a plus, this game is a good motivator.
The more you play this game, the more you value the time you could spend on something...
something useful instead of being defeated at the end of a 30 minute match by a 4lvl beginner with a nickname like hgjgcfhd89 using a weapon without a scope. Enough.

Chinese sht show, asian invasion of a game. Runs like a55 and is full of lvl 300+ no lifes with apparently perfect ping and frames. If not chinese dont play its rigged against u :)

I purchased this game on July 8th, 2019, during a 50% sale to experience the solo FPP battle royale mode and engage in competitive play. However, due to the limitations of my previous PC, I could not play until 2024, when I upgraded to a new system. While my current setup allows for 60-70 fps on average on very low settings with a FOV of 95 & native resolution, the performance is not optimal for competitive gameplay.

PUBG is widely regarded as one of the most realistic battle royale games. It distinguishes itself with its emphasis on tactical gameplay and strategy, providing a more immersive experience compared to other titles in the genre. With a diverse array of weapons, attachments, and maps, each match offers a unique experience. The game encourages players to think strategically, manage resources effectively, and plan their actions carefully.

Achieving proficiency in PUBG demands significant effort and expertise. Players must familiarize themselves with the mechanics of various weapons, gain a deep understanding of the maps, and master the use of utilities such as grenades. This process requires dedication and practice, but as players improve, the game becomes increasingly rewarding. The complexity and depth of PUBG make it an excellent choice for those willing to invest time and effort into mastering it.

игра для долбаебов после каждой обновы заново качать игру ставлю лайк а забыл потом ещё патчинг тоже на фулл игру 
ебаные нелюди это делали спасибо всем кто причастен к разработке данной видеоигры!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

came back to playing pubg on PC after a year or so and having a GREAT TIME NOW!! i have been a fan of pubg from the first day it was released played it on xbox one to start off with then changed over to PC pubg was one of the first games i downloaded on STEAM but then all the cheaters came along making every game unplayable so went back to playing pubg on console after a year or so i redownloded pugG on steam and now its in a much better playable state than it ever has been on PC

Every third person uses macro or cheat its not even fun to play

840 hours in. No illegal software. Stupid money spent on the cosmetics as a way to support the devs since I have been enjoying the game. Received a 24 hour ban without any reason listed. At least other competitive games give you a reason for the ban instead of "Contact Support".  Who knows. Maybe they should put this much effort to banning legitimate cheaters in the game.

A fucking shithole with bugs and cheats on which developers put their dicks, in a year it will be impossible to play + ranked without comments, cocksuckers with autotargeting and wall transparency. Every day I am more and more convinced that this is shit on a stick

To Many International players cheaters free to do what they like the game has fallen off and is in disarray much is needed to be done before this game is functional and playable do not waste your time and effort with pubg much better games such as apex legends warzone even.

crashes constantly, gives me a lobby screen with 9 fps, but the first cinematic is 666 fps. please help me, pubg, and you know why i have a very short play time on this game, its cuz i can barely do anything in this game

They need to turn off friendly fire, random teammates are killing the team members. Uninstalling this game.

tbh its a fun game, but the lag is crazy. i believe its server lag rather than my end its barely even playable. some users are having the same issue as me, but ive attempted everything to fix it on my end for nothing. nor has any update came out to fix it.

good rumble game ez to find guns and blast away drive bikes and cars.. the weapons are pretty cool from the legendary Frying Pan to a Machine Gun..

prolly the best battle royale ive ever played im quite the fan