P

best br

this game is not good, don't get tricked just because they add a few skins in the item shop here and there

chicken with 4 fingers around the orangutangulangu is what I was thinking.

good


best game


thier match making is worse than my friends aim 1/10, the 1 only because the r34 is decent

quit

Makes me want to gauge my eyes out with a fork and knife, this game is so dogshit that it has solos as a limited game mode??? like who in their right mind thinks "lets make a br game, that has no solos." this game is like if ppl with extra chromosomes banded together to make the biggest piece of shit possible.

jftjfj

BAD

کوسوشیر

used to be super fun but now developers just think about the money not the game!

I don’t wanna call this a bad game, cuz it isn’t in all honesty, but it’s very flawed and unbalanced.

Some heroes seem to make no impact on anything while others instantly become meta and are the only ones you see used.

The guns are cool, that’s probably what I liked most about the game.

But at the end of the day, I felt incredibly burnt out with this game after a couple days of game time. I don’t think I’ll be returning.

5/10

make me sad

ban

no heirlom no game aghhh

this game is shit

Кайф

its lit.

Its fun and its not warzone.

Not worth it steam should take it down with the number of hackers in it

doG SH!T

Titanfall 3 died for this piece of micro-transaction filled trash.

my computer cannot handle "call of duty" so this was the best alternative. Thank you to the creators of the epic game, i enjoy playing it every time. !!!

yuh

if you still play this game seek mental help

Fuck this game

Titanfall 3

horrible

its tight dawg


T R A S H (after S3-S4) 
Anyone still playing this just wishes it was Titanfall 3.
1/10

hate

yes

good game

gay

skib

THIS GAME IS ASS


Brainrot

I think the devs hate the players

genuinely not fun

Shit game im talking absolute buns

wow

it lit


you don't want to see this up close, skinbag

Respawn has pooped all over the game.. no sense of match making. It was good before, but now its the worst of allllll....... Most crappy battle royale there is. EA should shut their servers & blow the apart, coz they are utterly useless. Bloody money hoggers.

Did you know? 1981 was the year that.... also this game has pretty bad servers

Made by one of the highest in rated sellouts, Respawn entertainment, owned by the prodigal son of capitalism, EA, this game features a ripoff of the titanfall universe, with interesting lore, cosmetics netting hundreds or thousands of dollars sometimes, and shitty matchmaking! Do YOU want to experience being put up against the best of the best and losing all of the time regardless of your skill level? do you want to play against hackers and toxic players? this game is for you! engage in all new modes of frustration with the knowledge that your time grinding to get better will never be enough to win more than from sheer luck! now buy, buy, buy!!

Removed Linux support. L game

good

My apologies for playing this game, I can't let it go, even EA blocked my account, I still play it to this day, damn it. I hope the review helps you.

unironically there's too many sweats, cant even play the damn game D:

Hands down the best movement and gunplay in any FPS game. 

The nerf to controller Aim Assist brings it in-line with other games, and the legend pool is nice. The linux ban has significantly helped the cheating issue.

Even if you've left Apex due to the issues above, I'd encourage you to try it again!

Transactions right and left into your face nonstop + cheaters every game

Overtime the monetization pushed me away from the game, the player-base is too obsessed with being the best and not really interested in having a good time.

ruined itself

EA login is dogshit.

coooocacaco]aco][ac

cool game

best FPP Multiplayer ever.............................

Not anymore. It fell off. Dont buy their overpriced cosmetics, especially from a company that cares so little about its player base. They're gonna announce apex 2 and then kill it before it releases. Watch.

fun game... or it used to be, nowadays lobbies are filled with try hards who has no social life and grinding the game like how i would grind my teeth to dust when im having a bad dream. i mean if you have friends who are willing to play with you then be my guest but if you have no friends then i'd suggest to make some cuz you'll need it.


---{ Graphics }---
☑ Beautiful

---{ Gameplay }---
☑ Watch paint dry instead

---{ Audio }---
☑ Good

---{ Audience }---
☑ Teens
☑ Adults

---{ PC Requirements }---
☑ Fast

---{ Game Size }---
☑ Big

---{ Difficulty }---
☑ Dark Souls

---{ Grind }---
☑ Only if u care about leaderboards/ranks

---{ Story }---
☑ Some lore

---{ Game Time }---
☑ To infinity and beyond

---{ Price }---
☑ You could also just burn your money

---{ Bugs }---
☑ Can get annoying

---{ ? / 10 }---
☑ 2

---{ Author }---
☑ https://vojtastruhar.github.io/steam-review-template 


Devs retroactively removed Linux support due to complete incompetence and being unwilling or unable to configure Easy Anticheat properly.

Apex legends has been a game I've come back to time and time again since its initial release. I can no longer do so since EA and Respawn removed the possibility to play this game on Linux based operating systems.

Stuff this game. They ruined winter express, they ruined the loot pool, the mastiff and alternator are completely broken, they don’t give a damn about the community. EA are a bunch of greedy pricks, and respawn their toe licking lackeys.

Save yourself the pain, stay away.

Wanted to pick this game up after a few months, only to return to Linux being completely banned in the game. Their excuse was to "eliminate this cheat vector". This will eliminate the 20-30 cheaters that use Linux, but punishes thousands of others. And i can assure you these script kiddies who use these cheats won't go out of there way and spend hours getting their stuff to work on Linux, only to be banned shortly after. So don't see this effect reducing the occurrence of cheaters. And to top it off, EA provides zero proof to any of their claims related to this. so ya, that's pretty crappy of them.

EA, you are a giant waste of time.

Game used to have so much potential. I defended this game to the last, even when all the friends I brought to this game had left. I always thought it could get better. You make it impossible to win, the matchmaking is insane, Ranked is stupid, everything is so expensive… there is so much that I could say, but I’m not going to bother. I have already wasted time trying to defend you. The consensus is clear. Unless you can make unbelievable changes to improve player experience, then farewell.

i used to play that game a low in season 2-7 and spend a lot of money on that game (really a lot) but now the game is shit for me i uninstal that shit i regret spending any money on that dead ass game server a trash cuse EA is cheap and greedy the game is not really P2W but it's more annoying that most of the game content is skins and crap hairlooms wish they being the old devs how actually care about the game EA kills evrything it toching for quick cash #savetitanfall 2

despite the bad matchmaking and the bad business practices it's fun. still playable for f2p players but you do have to grind if you wanna unlock all the legends (took me until level 25 to muster up the points to unlock seer, and to try my hand at things i begrudgingly handed over the 20 bucks for the ultimate bp bundle to unlock everyone for a season) and if you don't care about sweaty lobbies and have a couple friends on it's pretty fun. wish they'd add solos, wish they'd fix the matchmaking, bla bla bla, but it's ea we're talking about. bad reviews have good points but in the least jerky way possible a lot of the things they talk about you can look past in my opinion, and a lot of the bad reviews are people whining about titanfall 3. once you find a main you like (i'd suggest bot royale to get a feel for it) you can absolutely get the ball rolling. never thought i'd be a valk main, but here we are for example.

overall the game's pretty alright. not the best but it runs good on my stupid little laptop without much lag and the characters are interesting and it's overall a blast past the few negative points i put in. but then again, i'm casual and don't care about rankclimbing or getting the best stats.

so yeah. apex is okay. i tolerate it more than most competitive multiplayer games i've played.

Don't look at my playing time, I was playing it on the Origins launcher at the time for over 250 hours.

[h2] Pros : [/h2]
[list]
[*]The game and characters lore is interesting.
[*]It's a pretty cool BR with moves I've never seen elsewhere (I don't play BRs much).
[*] Maps are really cool but some are too small.
[/list]

[h2] Cons : [/h2]
[list]
[*]It's a game published by EA. (I know that judging a game by the publisher is bad, but $200 for a skin ? Go F* EA)
[*]The amount of cheaters is astronomical. Please devs and EA, change the anti-cheat. Easy Anti-Cheat is really useless.
[*]The balance of the games is not right. Why does a small player like me is matchup against Predator ? 
[/list]

[h2] Conclusion :  [/h2]
8/20

[h3] More personals opinion :  [/h3]
I really liked the game but I don't think I will play it anymore.
Good bye old friend...

This game was my favorite game for 4 years on multiple platforms, but sadly, they do not care about their player base and their needs, so I lay it down here after years of dedication to this game and its universe. 
yours truly,
FentCartSloth

I'm frustrated about the news that Apex will no longer be playable on Linux devices including the Steam Deck. The message that Linux user should switch to windows is not a solution and no linux user will do that. Linux is a small platform, that is right but when Game developer blocks Linux it will never growth.

Give Linux a chance Developers!

The best thing about this game, is the memories that I made in it.
You're too late. Don't bother giving it a try.

Honestly this game has gone to shit i use to love this game but streamers and cheaters just runied this game for me i wont be playing anymore :/

miss old version, they just keep ruining and ruining the game by adding so much unneeded stuff and overprice everything and just want your money ATP

Apex Legends used to be a game that truly stood out for its innovative gameplay, but as time goes on, it's hard not to feel like the magic is fading. One of the most heartbreaking changes was the removal of the Arenas mode. For many players, Arenas was a perfect mix of strategy and fast-paced action, offering a break from the intensity of the Battle Royale format. The 3v3 setup fostered teamwork and skill-building, creating a space for players to sharpen their abilities and bond with their squads. Losing it feels like losing a piece of what made Apex special.

These days, many in the community point to the game’s struggles with balancing new features, a shift toward monetization over meaningful updates, and a lack of focus on the player experience. Some criticize the developers for not addressing gameplay issues like matchmaking and player retention, which have driven away casual fans. Others feel like the removal of Arenas and other features is part of a broader trend of the game becoming overly sweaty and less fun for the average player​.

Respawn Entertainment has faced challenges in adapting to its community's needs, and while updates aim to innovate, they often feel like they miss the mark. Many of us miss the good old days when Apex Legends was just pure, thrilling fun—a game that kept us coming back for the camaraderie and unique gameplay. Now, the game feels more like it’s chasing trends rather than staying true to what made it great.

I hope Respawn finds a way to reignite the spark that once made Apex such a standout title. Until then, I’ll keep missing the Arenas and the golden era of Apex Legends.


The best shooter game in wrong hands. Been playing this game for 8hrs a day for three years. Have 7heirlooms, one master skin, donated trillion dollars and for what? So a random dude comes back from a factory where he works, opens up a can of beer, turns on his device and destroyes me as a meer beginner player yet I've hit a legit predator and master many times. The game overcrowded with cheaters of all kind from wallhackers and hipfire obliteraters to other devices such as cronus, reasnow, xim. All of the mentioned descourages you from practicing and trying a lot to get better and maintain high level of the gameplay. And, developers busy selling for a 100th time their recolored skins but not making any good to the game. My friends and I play a much better game than apex now as it has few cheaters because there's no ranking in it. No aim assist advantage over mnk too - The Hunt Showdown. Even Post Malone quit apex and have played over 400 hours already plus they made a collaboration with him in the recent battle pass. I highly recommend all players who got sick of this unfairness in apex legens check this game out. Good luck and leave cheaters play with cheaters.

Apex Legends is a game that I used to really enjoy. It was my first game with all achievements on Steam (though that means very little) and it’s my most played game on Steam with more than double my next most played, but it is not as fun as it used to be. Close to 900 of my 1500 hours came in a single year (2021), but since then I’ve played very little. 

I’ll give it credit that it is a free game, and a relatively unique BR game (as far as I know). However, it has a lot of expensive monetization, the quality of the game has decreased, it can be quite overwhelming for newer players with so many characters to face, poor balancing, and sometimes rough matchmaking. It definitely gives you the chance to make cool, fun plays. 

If you’re able to have the skill and want to learn it to improve, then it can feel personally rewarding if you’re into that (no actual rewards of course). And if you care for Steam achievements, there are 12 of them, which are relatively attainable and are mostly based on playing the game enough, plus having enough luck or skill to win 8 total games which isn’t too bad. 

Overall, I’d say the game is not worth playing much anymore, because of its downwards trend in quality over time, and how it can get frustrating or boring (though I admit, I probably played way too much at one point). I probably wouldn’t recommend playing to most people. Though, I will continue to love Wattson and Nessie.

---{ Graphics }---
☑ Good

---{ Gameplay }---
☑ Watch paint dry instead

---{ Audio }---
☑ Good

---{ Audience }---
☑ Kids
☑ Teens
☑ Adults
☑ Grandma

---{ PC Requirements }---
☑ Fast

---{ Game Size }---
☑ Will eat 10% of your 1TB hard drive

---{ Difficulty }---
☑ Easy to learn / Hard to master

---{ Grind }---
☑ Too much grind

---{ Story }---
☑ No Story

---{ Game Time }---
☑ Average

---{ Price }---
☑ It's free!

---{ Bugs }---
☑ Never heard of

---{ ? / 10 }---
☑ 5

---{ Author }---
https://vojtastruhar.github.io/steam-review-template 


i was banned for no reason, never use cheat or doing something bad in the game before just an introvert who try to enjoy the game alone with another 2 teammates, i've tried to recover it but like the company started with E end with A didn't care about it, I'm really disappointed to spend money on this game.

anti cheat bullshit wont let me play the game.. i havent played in a year and i have no cheating software its horse shit

Has a botting problem right now in almost every game (TDM, Control, etc) that hasn't been fixed in months. Player base so small its the only way to get into a game without waiting 10+ minutes.. Sad to say it but games pretty much bots or dead.

In plat lobbies I died to a full masters squad every game for 2 or 3 seasons now. Takes 20 minutes to find a game to get into a lobby just to die to a 3 stack of sweats. It is what it is let it die.

A terrible team that doesn't ban cheaters, but bans ordinary people with all sorts of bad reasons they can. The company that keeps these people around will go bankrupt one day.

they literally took the battle pass, the SEASON battle pass, and said "nope you pay for split 1 and split 2" - absolute trash money grab move EA/Respawn. Not to mention the new battle pass UI looks like it was designed by a 5th grader that just learned HTML! Ya'll really burned us with this one

[No hours on Steam, hundreds of hours on EA]

If you wanna spend days learning how to break the game abusing sweaty movement mechanics, have fun. I wont be there.


This game has gone so far downhill. Impossible to play a match of mixtape without half your team being made up of bots that just shoot at a wall, and between the amount of people using cheats and the unbalanced match making this game is just unplayable at this point.

this was my favorite game once, and i seriously miss what it used to be. it's free, so it's whatever, but disappointing nonetheless.. can't stand to sink any more time/money into a company that only cares about my wallet.

games ass bad for new players cant asdd freinds never touch it if u are new pls fix servers and cheaters or ill sue ur bums

to many cheater but personaly ive not encountered as many the servcers are dawg water

[quote=EA] Hey Legends,
We’re sharing today that Linux (and Steam Deck using Linux) will no longer be able to access Apex Legends. [/quote]

And this is how my life has changed for the better.

Apex Legends is the perfect mix of fast-paced chaos and yelling at your random teammates. One second you’re pulling off a 1v3 clutch, and the next, you’re being revived because you accidentally slid off a cliff.

The movement feels amazing, the gunplay is tight, and every match is an adrenaline rush—until your teammate pings a Mozambique and vanishes into the distance.

[b]Final Verdict:[/b] Highly Recommended, but only if you can handle third-party squads ruining your day.

This game gets 2 out of 5 stars from me.  Very fun game but the cheating is so awful in this game it's unplayable and makes it more frustrating than fun.  I left COD Warzone 2 earlier in 2024 because cheating was becoming rampant there and having to always level guns.  Like the fact that you don't have to level guns and the different characters make for a lot of variety, but again, the cheating is just so blatant.  This season 23 is the worst with the masiff shotgun, no recoil on guns immediately at drop, blatant wall hacks,  I'd pay $60 a month just to play a cheater free battle royal but no one will make one and charge for the game and hard ban people and limit accounts to one per credit card or something simple of that nature.  Pretty certain if you follow the money trail these develops are selling the cheats and I hope some day if that's true there is a class action lawsuit.  The psycological component of allowing this much cheating....it needs to be dealt with and they just turn the eye.

To play this game is a mere exercise in futility. I have heard of times long ago, back when the game was "better," and that it was once great, but was never meant to play it in this era, so I spawned, and I died, spawned, died, spawned, died, until I realized the cards were stacked against me from the very beginning. I can see the framework of a good game, caked in a thick layer of mud and dust from its abandon, those who have remained long enough to amass the skills necessary to amass skills gnawing on its corpse like worms until there is nothing left. Occasionally, the king's men and horses come to put it back together again, adding an increasing pile of micro-transactions to the corpse before returning to the shadows. Do not play this game unless you are willing to be eternally damned to a cycle of failure; one that you cannot escape.

I used to play this on Playstation a few years ago. It has completely changed and is heavily monetized.

If you ever feel you want to hate your life, and have no fear of getting locked in for an 8 hour shift of depression in order to be warmed up enough to fight people have been playing for 40 hours straight and lost sleep due to their addiction to drugs, then play this game, its best for people with zero self esteem, it will surely increase their feeling of how good they feel on this planet earth.

bring back arenas.

not what the game use to be. Also became so much more jangy compare to when i was heavy into this game.

With almost 900 hours on here and most likely over 1000 on Orgin I can no longer recommend this game. What i have always bragged about to my friends(the gun-play,the movement) are still there but they are not evolving it or refining it anymore. 
The game has become a shameless cash shop(this is coming from someone who has probably spent $2000 in cosmetics and battle passes). Skins are more Expensive and >60% of them are just recolors from past events or battle passes.
It sucks that this game never got the love it deserves, but instead just trotted out there like a cheap whore to sell some of the laziest MTX I've seen in a game.

0.9 hrs last two weeks / 1,035.3 hrs on record. In reality its a few hours (less than 10)  in the last 9 months.

My issue with the game is the lack of a level playing field. The cheaters, matchmaking, solo vs premade, controller, vs mnk, etc. 

The second issue is the lack of investment in the game. I do not feel enough people are working on the game, I would have expected a significant amount of maps and other content (not skins) to have been added to the game by now. The cheat engine is a joke. 

I check the state of the game every few months, and so far I have not seen any significant changes or investments.


Apex players are some of the most “desperate to win” players I’ve ever played against. I have played online competitive games for over 15+ years and have never experienced such desperation. They only use metas so that means strongest legend and strongest weapons. They’re toxic and the reason the game has turned into what it is today. It’s not Respawns fault, it’s not EA’s fault, it’s the player base. Unfortunately, the game is overrun by people playing on servers that aren’t their home servers and ruining the game for the rest of us

Some of these positive steam reviews make no sense what so ever. 

First of all if you're recommending the game and giving up with the game to make a positive review, please for the love of god quit selecting yes on your steam review. 

Why don't you just hit the no button like me and actually tell people to not play the game?

Loved the game for years but the stores and the battlepass have become unapproachable. The modes are all over the place trying to see which one sticks. Fights against players who abuse the movement system makes me not even want to bother. The heirlooms don't make sense lore wise and I was fine with the final fantasy sword because it was not meant to be a part apex lore. I won't jump into another competitive shooter since I'll just remind myself of the low times in Apex.

Apex legends had the resources to create the next big battle royale, its EA though we all should have known they would not care about the player base. If you want micro transactions, battle passes, and sweaty players that do not allow new players to get better because of the matchmaking then APEX IS YOUR GAME :)

For me this game is extremely bad for the simple fact that it takes you ages to get matched to a battle.

The state of ranked and pub matchmaking makes it very difficult to enjoy a once great game.

Honestly sad this is the game i have the most hours in overall. In a world where were murking billionaires the ea excs should be next.

this game is horrible. been playing since the day came out. servers are horrible all it does is lag i cant have 1 normal game without the mechanics acting as if i was hacked

skill based matchmaking my arsee. im no pro by all means but when you get into a match with ppl twice your kd defenitly proves the bs matchmaking update doesnt work for anything

the game is full of hackers and try hard and the level thing don't matter you get preds and higher level players and im level 10 and im getting preds and hight level players so if you want to keep you pc and mouse and keyboard new and not broken then don't play

i really like playing apex legend because of the unique skills of different legend have and with the story of their character. but as time moves forward their character development moves backward, its fine to have a lgbtq+ on the character story and development but making most of the character like that is disturbing.

It should have your graphics settings where they were when it was updated, but at the same time it's fun. IDK if the waiting time is worth it though.

Played for 300+ hours when it was on origin only. 

Waste of time. At launch it was fine but even 4 years ago the matchmaking would match you against the highest ranks in the game even when you were gold/plat. 

If you're well above average or have a lot of time to dedicate, sure go wild. 

For casual/occasional fun? Save your time, no use playing in matches vs ex/current top 750s.

To add to this, they have basically said that this doesn't happen in a recent post. I guess I've been hallucinating this whole time. Wild. 

Here is an except from their recent post that should shine a light on the state of the game for casual players. 

"- a decent percentage of our current players having reached Masters at some point in their past"
(Masters is the Highest rank apart from top 750 players)

Because a decent percentage of the player base has played in the highest ranks, most players will have a group of them in their match. That is about as fun as it sounds, either drop and get annihilated on spawn or go somewhere remote and collect loot until your whole squad gets annihilated by 'TTV_INSERTNAMEHERE'. 


It's a shame, the game has a lot of interesting aspects, but it absolutely despises casual/average players. Matchmaking has been an issue for 4+ years and has only been spoken about now, even then it is dismissed as "most remaining players don't have this issue".

Our # of active users is dropping? Lets double down on Broken Moon and Stormpoint :D
At this point I can't tell if it's incompetence or if they're actively trying to kill the game.

Clown Fiesta




played since day one on console and honestly game has steadily gone down hill, EA care about money and not about the health and enjoyment of the players,

Terrible game they don't care about it anymore they are lazy and money hungry they also don't give players the rewards they earn through ranked and don't care about the game itself.

Don't get me wrong this game is really fun to play and I would play it a lot but the sad thing is I couldn't just play the game without seeing something woke or someone scantly dressed like hearing a few curse words doesn't bother me but getting that stuff shoved down my throat, no thank you.

Too many cheaters and bugs that makes the game unplayable

Apex Legends has become a joke and a stale free to pay battle royale that has slowly been declining in players for the past year, it's honestly sad to see how much of a joke this game has become especially looking at the previous Titanfall 2 game, it was phenomenal. This game has a metric shit load of micro transactions for skins and useless stickers, knifes, weapon skins and a battle pass, it is littered with micro transactions and has gambling too. Most of the skins I will admit do look cool but the other skins are actual garbage. 

When I look at Apex and compare it to Titanfall 2 its like comparing the stale old brownie with hard crispy corners while Titanfall is a game that aged like fine wine and its a classic for its era. not to mention Titanfall 2 is 3 or 2 dollars for an amazing game. 

(I played on ps4 if your wondering about the hours)

https://store.steampowered.com/app/1237970/Titanfall_2/

Game is ok, my biggest issue is the lack of game modes that don't include duo or trios, i want free game modes like TDM and so on that don't require a squad.

love the part where they deactivate my steam-connected account and then dont delete, reset, or reactivate it because I forgot the info from years ago and then I can't use another account because it forces the steam connected account :DDD

the player base here are bunch a sissy whiny little girls who cant take anything without crying and feeling upset to report. if you played like an idiot, you deserve to be told youre an idiot. if ur not then why get upset?? if the shoe fits F**k wearing it if not ignore and mute, that ez. but no....

This game was so fun. "Was" being the key word. Now, it's pretty much just sweats and cash grabs. If that's the content you want, feel free to play

Hello Level 8 with a 1.0 K/D, we decided with 80K players online, for your best interest and enjoyment of Apex Legends, you will face a team of 3 preds who have played all day and have over a 6 K/D. You may be wondering if you will win, the answer is no. The reason why is these 3 preds have invested their entire checkings and savings account into our free to play game. So we want to make sure they completely dominate 80% of their games. What about you, you ask? Glad you asked, there is simply no reason we want you to enjoy the game and play it daily because the amount of money or eyes you bring to the game are 0. Just live on a prayer while you play and we cater to streamers and cheaters.

EA is money laundering. Game can't function right because of cheaters; the servers can't run right, half the time when playing with friends, you pop up mid-drop, or don't get placed in the same game and you're stuck in the lobby. Big issue in Ranked when I'm trying to play with friends, and either of us don't match-up in the same game because your servers suck, then we have to wait 10 more minutes because of your faulty servers. GOOD JOB EA! YOU'RE RUINING EVERY GOOD PART OF THE GAME THAT USED TO BE GREAT! I would rather play Fortnite for crying out loud.

Next time, please separate the event mode from the trios mode, don't combine them.

This game was once my favorite pvp online game, now it's just the worst garbage online pvp game i've ever seen, worst sbmm ever. Noob and pro friendly but everyone inbetween can go fuck themselves

this is the game ive invested the most time into, out of all the games ive played. i have a total of over 8k hours if you include my console hours. this game used to be AMAZING. but now (2024) its virtually unplayable, between cheaters, terrible sbmm, sever issues and every thing else, just save yourself and the pain and not play

Does not work on Linux. Apparently EA have dropped support for it and now it shows an anti-check error message.

I used to love this game; but this is no longer an accessible game for casual players. Want to hop on with your buddies once a week to see if you can get to the top. Nope, sorry. You can't. You get to be cannon fodder for the players that do nothing but play this game every waking hour of their lives. I get it; it's a competitive game. But the entire point of a victory royal setting, is supposed to be that anyone could have a chance to win. Luck for better or worse is a supposed to be a factor. That's a lot harder to balance and account for properly when you are playing a hero shooter variety with teammates. Honestly, probably impossible.

Dogshit game wont even take myt fucking money, dont bother buying stuff, the matchmaking is fucking awful. getting matched with some of the best eu players and i aint even level 100 (dont recommend)

its a little hard but it a great game! i dont even like first person shooters!

OK. I can't believe i'm writing this. Let me just preface that I REALLY love Apex Legends and have played it since launch (Console switch to PC) I have spent GODLY amounts of $$$ into this game because I love it so much. So... Why am I not recommending it? That's because Apex Legends is a shell of the game it once was. a once beloved game by a respected developer turned into a Soulless Cash-grab. Apex legends is the only game I have ever played that made me wish loot-boxes were still the industry norm. With the changes to legends making certain characters OVER OP (Lifeline) to ridiculous metas (Lifeline, Newcastle, MASTIFF.) All the joy of hopping into a match with your friends and playing either quick play or comp have been eviscerated like that cousin you hate. By far the WORST change to happen in Apex is the battlepass changes and the store revamp. Remember when Heirlooms were $128 when a new one was released? well now you can get a CSGO Karambit Knife for $200!!! Oh and no new Legend specific Heirlooms or Heirloom skins, just recolors after recolors for the same price as the original. whats different? nothing, nothings different. A new animation, banner, and emote. that's it. Apex Legends is still fun, hopping in with friends CAN be enjoyable for a period before the meta makes you want to go buy milk and never return. Overall, it's sad to see a game I played for so long die because of corporate greed. I'll still play the game, but not nearly as often as I used to. And honesty? I think it's time we say goodbye to the Apex of old. because this isn't Apex Legends. its an online retailer for skins and money burn piles.

yk people have a choice their opinion but apex is just like any other online game its not any difference from cod or some others here is my thought process every online game that has multiplayer matchmaking will have cheaters will have server issues not everything about a game is going to be perfect i just think a lot of people think too much about it when their mindset is not great i stopped playing this game because i took it to seriously that seems to be a lot of others issues as well but i came back to it cuz its somethin to do and its fun people dont see the fun in apex cuz their mindset is focused to much on the negative side all im tryin to say is try a change of mindset and see where u think later on

Game was fun sub season 8 after that they pretty much removed the skill based match making so the streamers that play can look good with their minimal skill just slaughtering new players with sub 10 hours. don't recommend let EA die. they had their run but now they need to go.

Potentially the worst game on steam, please remove Christmas trees from the game, I do not like Christmas trees. The lights distracted me while I was in a 1v9 and cost me my win. Also the stacking problem is very big and there are too many weapons. Not sure why people play this over Battlepillars Gold Edition. Should probably also remove sliding from the game. Just play Phantom Forces on Roblox, it's roughly the same experience :thumbsup:

amazing visuals, fun characters and abilities, lit ass guns, cool cosmetics, fun gamemodes! everything you could ever want

a lot of the negative reviews are from people that are angry that they are not good enough compared to the enemies they play against. i dont see how thats a game issue it seems like a skill issue. game is fine.

Honestly I used to really enjoy this game, I used to love it and had fun with it. But I can't support the greedy monetisation system.

best game ive ever played in my whole entire life i enjoy it especially when my silver tm8 joins me and decides to throw every  game possible

Good graphics and gameplay, servers are a little bugged.

After playing this game for some time, I can make an informed opinion about the fact that this game pushes the LGBT agenda to a next level. They are ruining this game with such stupid and nonsense because a game is a game and should not have agendas to wash kids minds and to be so out there. I would never recommend this game to anyone even thou' the gameplay and some of the aspects of the game, are fun. Sadly I decided to move to other games and to leave forever this game for gay people. Respawn doesn't care about anything since they push so bad this agenda.



---{ Graphics }---
☑ Beautiful

---{ Gameplay }---
☑ Very good

---{ Audio }---
☑ Good

---{ Audience }---
☑ Teens
☑ Adults

---{ PC Requirements }---
☑ Decent

---{ Game Size }---
☑ Workable

---{ Difficulty }---
☑ Significant brain usage

---{ Grind }---
☑ Average grind level

---{ Story }---
☑ Some lore

---{ Game Time }---
☑ Average

---{ Price }---
☑ It's free!

---{ Bugs }---
☑ Never heard of

---{ ? / 10 }---
☑ 8

As someone who recently moved from console over to PC, I can say that on PC it is much more unenjoyable. I've played over 2000+ hours on console since end of S2 up till the very current season. On console no matter how many master and predator players I encounter, it felt like a challenge more to keep up with them rather than being frustrated. However, on PC despite encountering the same situation and my aim not being that good since i just moved over to PC. The problem lies with teammates. I don't mind encountering high levels players and getting destroyed by their movement and aim but, my teammates are supposedly the same level as me being Prestige 1 level 300+ are playing far worse than me? They can't aim properly, have low match IQ, and some have reached master? It goes to show that stats don't really matter. Playing ranked feels like a dumpster fire at times when I'm matching against diamonds and masters but have silver or low gold players. At the end of the day, no matter how terrible this game gets, I will always come back to play it. I recommend it if you are willing to get beat on in every other match. :3

This game is literally the embodiment of everything wrong with society and is why I will never have kids or get married.

Between console and very recently PC, I have put 450 hours into this game.

Early on the game was great. The combat and movement was robust and the ranked mode, while not optimal, wasn't outright terrible. The addition of arenas in Season 9 was also nice to give players more options, even if it wasn't popular.

Unfortunately, this game has done very little over the years to expand upon itself and now serves as a playhouse for EA to rub their nipples and dump their greedy practices onto its player-base... I know I'm shocked too.

It is very clear that EA is trying to capitalize as much as they can until this game evidently dies... if it hasn't already.

The matchmaking at this point in time is about as good as Michael Jackson would be at watching your kids. Every single match you better believe you will be paired up against a previous Master rank. Not only that but this game has a massive cheating issue, it's about as common as a wife cheating on their husband while they are in mid-deployment.

It's clear the people who oversee this game don't care, no matter your efforts on trying to put lipstick on a pig with all these stupid cosmetics, we all know that the fundamentals are flawed... not like you care about the casuals anyways since you only consult with the pros on how to make this a "better" game.

Anyone who dug this game into the ground needs to be jailed pronto!

Game used to be fun, but every match feels like a sweat fest, 3 stack preds wall jumping from a super glide into a triple tap strafe followed by a hip-fire crouch spam then zip-line bouncing... I just close game.

Want to do anything with your ea account? Change account? Cross progression? Too bad, you'll run around looking for a way to change out accounts for a year and then give up.

my first game it took 10 minutes to queue, then i was team-wiped immediately by a squad of high ranking players. I WAS BRAND NEW RAHHHHHHHHH

My 5th time the game crashed and cost me -100 rp. Please dont play dis game. go dye

nice game, too much minecraft like for an near pear adversary))

Cheaters run this game and always will. Apex will give false hope like always with the same "ban wave" or "anti cheat" upgrade. Dont waste your time because you will never beat walls and aimbot. they will never ban them either. they got plenty of stuff in the store you can buy though. 5k hours in the game lol nobody misses anymore. TRASH!!

My all time favorite FPS game. This was my first introduction into Battle Royale and I still enjoy playing.

woke garbage game. sad to see that respawn has finally succumbed to The woke mind virus

FIX THE AUDIO no reason i should have big chunges able to climb a wall right next to me a BEAM ME WITH A MASTIFF and not hear even the shotgun shot, but i can hear a zip 200 meters away. and fix the render in the servers going from full shield to 1 shot after a single hit marker because the servers lag like crazy has destroyed this game to hell with battle passes and trying to make a money farm theres a reason people cheat and the game is dying

great game but it feels like a money grab this past year
