great game, greater potential, need more cooking time

The hype is real!

92+ lvl here. 
Played this game for a week, but after latest patch ping dropes to 1000-10000ms on servers. Reopening maps only helps 1/5 times. Untill this is fixed, i wont reccomend this game. This is issue on the GGG side.

very good

matt raul hates the game cuz his build sucks a*s

this game loves one shotting and you cant do anything about it. the system regarding the armor and resistance is so damn bad to the point that there's no  point of upgrading. then comes with the rarity meta shit...

Great game. I like the slower pace with bosses, reminds me of soulslike games.

Как же изи насиловать детей

100/10. Just play it.

Campaign was a lot of fun. Boss fights and mechanics were fun to learn.

Cruel difficulty is pretty fun because your build can come online and you feel overpowered and roll through everything. Although I would have preferred for it to be a bit challenging (ex: Bosses having new mechanics instead of just simply hitting harder.)

End Game - so far least interesting part. 1 attempt maps, no longer allowed to revive if co-op player dies. It seems others are talking about this so hopefully GGG will make some adjustments during EA.

Will return for Acts 4-6


Performance wise:  Game runs well. Early on I was getting full PC lockups during portals, but over the last few weeks it dramatically improved.  It may happen once in the entire day where as before it was happening once every few hours.

Need some improve, but stills very fun

its like diablo, but good

I assume someone in balance team really hate warrior and melee. Need a lot of polishing.

Good start

rtx 3080, 5800x3d, 32 ram
PC freezed 3 times (including OS therefore only hard reboot is an option) when changed locations, and 1 time when i tried to save setting made in options menu. 
F#%^k it, tired of being a free beta tester.

If Diablo 1 waited til 2024 to make a sequel.

I recommend not directly copying streamers' Endgame builds. The transition might be tough for you. It's better to start with a starter build and switch to the streamer’s build later on.

Fix windows 11 pc Crash on CPU usage.

heat.

Great MMO RPG!

trial of chaos is pure bullshit

Unfun game, needs a lot of work still. Literal RNG the first three acts that determines whether you can actually do the boss fights or not and no way to overlevel the boss to make the encounter any easier if you have bad luck with gear or skills.

Good

A masterpiece in the making

:)

On death effects

Yes

After many hours trying to get the game to run, I give up. I've updated the drivers, tried multiple graphic settings and nothing works. 157 hours in this game and 1000 crashes. I'm tired of trying to get this game to run properly. I can't even open it now as it crashes to desktop every time.

So much fun, time skipper game !

The game is fun but the performance is not optimized. Low fps and frequent crashes. Hopefully it gets fixed after early access.

This is the absolute best ARPG ever created.
The combat, systems, skills, and graphics have taken us into a new era of ARPGs. These kind of games used to be called Diablo Clones, and indeed Path of Exile 1 was created as the "spiritual successor" of Diablo 2. For many years, Diablo (specifically, Diablo 1 and 2) was the gold standard of ARGPS - the franchise that started it all and defined the genre. After many years, POE2 is now carrying the torch and bringing the genre forward, redefining it. 

If you feel like Blizzard completely and utterly sold out. If you feel like Diablo 4 was really more like Diablo 3.5. If you want to play a game where the devs are gamers and their studio is run by passion and desire to make the best game possible instead of corporate greed. If you are ready to step into the future of ARPGs - THEN PATH OF EXILE 2 IS YOUR GAME. These games will henceforth be referred to as Exile-like.

Welcome, Exile.

Constantly freezes my PC and I always need to restart. 
I even needed to reconnect a SSD cause in one of the restarts it was basically removed from windows.

I'm planning to gift POE2 to my best buddy for Christmas.

.

I really love the character animations in this game – they feel so impactful, especially the ground slam. It's just so satisfying!

these are the people who made the trials of chaos

Just pushing positive numbers. Game already is 8/10, and by knowing devs i have no doubt that in a year's time would be 10/10. Even first 3 acts worth much more than $30. Especially art and visuals - they are absolutly stunning.

This is a solid game for those who like this style. What I like the best is that money and inventory is shared between all of your characters so during the initial grind with your first/main character you can save gear and weapons you find for other characters you intend to play later. It is very convenient. My biggest criticism is that the personal inventory is so small that you have to constantly go back and forth to camp to identify and sell items while playing, unless of course you just don't pick anything up. This game encourages you to find a good/solid starting item and upgrade it instead of always depending on the initial magic or rare drops. There is a good deal of grinding in this game so hopefully you don't mind that. All maps and bosses are re-playable as many times as you want. If you can't get a map to reload just control click the name of the map at the entrance and you can start a "new" run of it. Another criticism I have is that jewels don't drop quite enough. I have only had 4 drop in 56 hours of play and none of them will work for my warrior so it is very frustrating. That drop rate needs to be increased and when one does drop I think the devs should make it so it is more likely to drop one for the current character you are playing rather than something at random.

Game crashes WAAAAAAYYYYYYYYY too much.

I saw others saying the game doesn't run well on older computers, so I was hesitating for a long time before buying it. But it's nothing like they said. it runs super smoothly for me!

10 дибло 2 из 10
Лучшее за последние 1000 лет
500 перероленных шмоток из 500
10000000 убитых мобов из 10000000
Невероятна.
Потрясающая
С механиками из соулс лайков.
Любовь с первого взгляда.

Finally some good game...
Way less confusing than 1 
Interesting story
feels smooth

I was a subject of these false positive waves IP bans, a topic that I also noticed on the forums happening to others. No replies to emails for days, I noticed I could appeal ban on the website and they didnt’t want to disclose what the reason was, only citing something called Section 7 from terms of use. 

That section has multiple stuff from trading bots to RMT. I dont even know what RMT is and I definitely didnt use a trade bot, Im just a casual solo player minding my own business. 

Absolutely the worst customer service that I’ve ever received and blatantly scamming me 30 euros for a game I cant even play.

I was just hoping for transparent service admitting the mistake on their end without some robot citing terms of use and calling it a day.

Shame on you GGG, you’re doing a decade old veteran wrong who was ready to support PoE 2 for another decade.

I really hoped GGG's splinter team would release a game that included all of the things that made the first couple years of Path of Exile 1 great with day-1 Quality of Life improvements gained from a decade of experience, but instead they doubled down on a decade of bad design decisions. 

This game has them all: rippy mechanics, one-shots, visual clutter, crappy itemization, restrictive build choices, terrible crafting, player power gated behind massively hated content from PoE1. 

Most players wont make it through campaign. Those that make it through an absolute slog-fest of a campaign won't make it to T15 maps. Those that make it that far won't be finding their own upgrades throughout this journey. They will grind for hours and hours for currency, and then go to a website to trade that currency for gear. What happened to the fun?

This game is everything I wanted Diablo IV to be.

Incredible game

Best arpg ever, or it will be soon

Startet nicht auf meinem Stream Deck (OLED 512). Ich sehe die GGG Zahnräder und dann bricht das Spiel kommentarlos ab. Hinweise bei reddit (s.u.) haben nicht geholfen. 

Ich hoffe dass es irgendwann funktioniert.

https://www.reddit.com/r/SteamDeck/comments/1hc5nnk/poe_2_wont_launch/

not fun

Just do it.

Watching others' Ranger gameplay really got me hooked. I just had to try it myself!

Better than every other ARPG game and its in early access.

It's very fun. The skills feel weighty. However, I wish it supported controller and keyboard mouse at the same time like D4. Inventory management through controller is really annoying.

It still has a long way to go... but it looks promising.

I need help i cant stop playing this game

Just a warning to older folks like me whose reflexes may have gone down hill. This game is very, very hard. After throwing myself against the first boss over and over and never even getting him down to half health, I decided I needed to refund.

That's sad, and it sucks to get old. I really enjoy this twin-stick type of combat. But it is what it is. The days when I could beat this game are gone. But if you are good at this combat, regardless of age, it's really fun, and I recommend you at least give it a try to see what you think.

Very difficult game some bosses are easy for some classes others very difficult to impossible at the moment most players are playing a minion build that seems to do well in most boss fights. the uberstupid thing is if your stuck on a boss you can not progress your hero to the next act or chapter . So if you can not do a boss fight your forever stuck in a low level area until you can kill the boss and the boss fights are extremely difficult to unbalanced in the game, very poor development decision to do something so stupid to your player base. Do not recommend buying early access and when the game becomes free to play maybe try it then but most players will become gated or stuck in a low level zone unable to progress to end game content. I think they will probably adjust the boss difficulty in the future currently the tuneing of the boss fights are very difficult the game developers might adjust the difficulty down to save a lot of people quitting the game because of the gating issue. My experience was the bosses in the first act werer very difficult when i got to the last boss of the first act got stuck could not do the boss with my mercenary build so i was not bad at the game could work and use my hero very well but the last boss fight was not fun very much thought the damage and mechanics of the boss was nearly impossible and i have been playing these games for years. I think blocking players from progression so early in the game buy making bosses so difficult to defeat will cause a lot of players to stop playing path of the exile. Hopefully the boss fights have difficulty settings so many players of different skill levels can progress and play the game.



It locks up my computer randomly on new dungeon loads. It's unplayable like this, it's been weeks and they haven't patched it. This is early access not Alpha testing.

If you want your motherboard and CPU fried this is the game. Game will crash or will freeze your whole PC time and time again. You will have to hard reset it every time.

craquinho dos bom

Path of Exile.

Nice so far! The campaign is really fun to play. I have 4k+ hours in POE1.

I pushed to Endgame and had some decent gear to switch and test different builds and skill trees.
But something feels wrong with damage and defense. It doesn’t matter if you have 6k armor and 12k evasion, or 15k armor—everything feels the same when it comes to T16 maps with 8+ modifiers.
I one-hit all the monsters, and all the monsters one-hit me. :D WTF is this...
Doesn't matter how I skill—mega defensive or glass cannon—it all feels the same.

If I build tanky, I want to feel like it—I should be able to facetank some stuff. And for that, the cost should be that it takes me a few more hits to take down rare monsters! In the current state, anything other than building damage feels useless because you’re going to die anyway if you miss a single dodge roll.

Please bring some adjustments here.



FIX GAME ,CRASH AFTER CRASH
lost items,and maps,i hate game

When my good friend told me he was going to gift me POE2 for Christmas, I gave him a big hug!

I recommend new players to try ranged characters. If you're playing melee, you really need to time your attacks carefully, or you might end up eating a bunch of skills and dying in one hit!

Great boss fights and maps, enjoyable gameplay with lots of content

Challenging, but a good game.

Had lots of fun time playing POE2, time to put in on the shelf before official release, dev balancing and improvements.

good campaign but end game is trash

Even as an Early Access the game shows incredible promise and potential.
+ insane visuals (especially the VFX)
+ great gameplay loop that is overly-addictive
+ tense and difficult, but fair
+ so much content, classes and endgame, you can easily waste thousands of hours before the game release
+ awesome bossfights

Path of Exile 2 has been highly anticipated, but after experiencing it, it feels more like a disappointment than a true sequel. Here's why:

1- Gambling Mechanics Disguised as Gameplay
The game is essentially a glorified gambling simulator. Whether it’s crafting items or farming for currency, everything feels like rolling dice with abysmal odds. The endless grind to get even marginally good gear feels more punishing than rewarding.

2- Dodge Roll Simulator
Combat has devolved into a dodge roll simulation. Every encounter feels like you're just trying to avoid being one-shot by enemies rather than engaging in meaningful mechanics. It’s repetitive, frustrating, and lacks depth.

3- Overly Long and Boring Campaign
The campaign feels unnecessarily stretched out. It’s a tedious slog that overstays its welcome and lacks the excitement and pacing expected from modern ARPGs. For a sequel, it feels outdated and uninspired.

4- The Worst Trading System in Any ARPG
The trading system is horrendous. Instead of a proper in-game auction house, players are forced to rely on an external trading website. It’s clunky, inefficient, and downright archaic. In 2024, this approach is unacceptable for a game of this scale.

5- Not Much Different From Path of Exile 1
Path of Exile 2 barely feels like a new game. The visuals and mechanics are slightly improved, but it’s essentially PoE 1 with a fresh coat of paint. And to add insult to injury, they’re planning to charge players for Early Access, which makes it feel like a cash grab.

6- Constant Nerfs and Build Limitations
Despite claiming you can create any build with any class, the reality is far from it. The developers constantly nerf builds, especially ones popularized by top streamers. It creates a toxic cycle where the moment you find something fun or viable, it’s nerfed into the ground, leaving players scrambling to rebuild from scratch.

7- Broken Promises About Build Diversity
The idea that “any build works with any class” is a blatant lie. The game funnels players into chasing the META, and anything outside of it is simply unviable. It’s disappointing that the promise of freedom is nothing more than a marketing gimmick.

Final thoughts:
I know it's still Early Access but Path of Exile 2 could have been a groundbreaking sequel, but instead, it feels like a half-baked rehash of PoE 1 riddled with frustrating mechanics and broken promises. Unless significant changes are made, it’s hard to recommend this game to anyone but the most die-hard fans. For everyone else, it’s better to look elsewhere for your ARPG fix.

In its current state the game is fun, but really tough. I know that they will iron out all the BS and hopefully give the player a chance.
I would NOT recommend getting it at this time, but after an update or 2 yes.
POE 1 was super fun. POE 2 will be also, just less bullshit please (RANDOM CHAOS, where I get pushed by tiny spiders to the edge of the map and then stuck there by 50+ enemies. Then I can't move and my weapons are apparently made of styrofoam).

The music goes hard

Nice

is good


I'm playing casually, few hours a day and I'm having a good time.
After playing for 2k hours of PoE  1, I can say it is a good and fresh alternative.

Game feels really overtuned, as a warrior with decent gear im getting killed super fast and cant do areas 10 levels below my current level, was fine in act one and up to middle of act two, now in act three im legit getting almost one shot.

significantly more challenging that that mess blizzard has enjoyable combat and decent drops

What a great game

OOOFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF

The Eternal impure
With bloodlust empowered
Our Ezomyr endured
But soon all were devoured
In unending war
Death waited at the door
Then hour by hour
Men fell as summer soured

The game is in early access and certainly feels like there are components they need to rework and change, but overall the game accomplishes most of the goals it sets out to do. The stark difference between early game speed and end-game speed is absurd but I expect we'll see tuning towards the middle there. Very fun experience, do recommend.

Don't bother buying this game, it has shit servers and is literally unplayable. Maybe in the bright future, but right now it's just a stutter simulator

awesome game lots of fun still some bugs but hey if your after a good arpg then just get it dont question yourself its worth

D4 BAD    (jk)
In all seriousness, even the early access of this game shows a lot of merit. 
Very well executed, some minor graphical glitches (Linux) still need some patching, but overall I'd say ggwp, GGG

y

This game destroys Diablo IV and its still in early access!

goty 2025

POE2 is everything Diablo 4 wishes it was, but better...and on early access.

There are frequent packet bursts, but not enough to ruin the overall experience.

If you turn off general chat, it's actually a pretty incredible and immersive experience; I just wish I wasn't triple-padlocked into an echo-chamber with 1/3 of Fortnite's battlepass owners. Get ready to be locked into the chronically online zoo, and be sure to save up 50 exalted orbs for that yellow level 42 staff nobody's going to buy.

Excellent class and build variety, and very much worth the wait. Probably a forever install for me.

GGG rocks :))))

The Dark Souls of ARPG's. Diablo 4 wishes it was this good. 



A Diablo-like game better than Diablo 4

I run a Ryzen 7 7700x and a 4070 Super and this game is constantly freezing and overheating my hardware. I'm not risking my PC because GGG won't fix the issues. And I know they obviously won't be replacing $2000 in parts. DO NOT RECOMMEND

I realy dont like this game. Maps are way to big. The drops are bad. The skill tree is to big.

Press space to dodge.

The map's visual style is so soothing! The brightness on my screen was a bit low at first, but after adjusting it in the game settings, it looks amazing!

Imperfect game but gave me a feeling of D2 , it has been long time since I have actually enjoyed new environments and game bosses. The challenge is there especially if you do not read any guides and have not payed much of POE1  like myself. Music is decent. Game is slow, but rewarding, drops are few but makes you think more about tactics and enemy movement and move set list. If this is alpha/beta then I will enjoy the full release. Graphic problems with clutter and Vsync need to be addressed. Overall just like D2 when it was released, gives you great feeling of progress but needs plenty of polish.

Great fun, a lot of improvements compared to PoE1, making playing simply more fun and streamlined.
Graphics look amazing and even though it is pre-release and much content is yet to be added there is already more content than in some other comparable games.
Combined with the multitude of options in char development this makes for a title one can play for a very long time.

Over 9000 hours in POE1, can't recommend this until patches and fixes come in to fix the constant crashing, causing complete PC freeze. Class balance is also very bad in early access, and item rarity is ruining the economy. Will change this review when fixes are made

Very good game couple. glitches that mess everything up. Lost my dodge and roll And no, I don't have the piece on my gear or anything on my skill.  it was from going through one dungeon. It disappeared. Right out of my skill bar. blank spot.  gone. I can't find it. Can't get it back. So I hope they fix that glitch. I've seen a bunch of people on the forums saying they had that same problem. They're all mad. They're not going to play well. I'm not going to do that Only part that sucked was I just got that to a level 42. and it was doing great. But you can't play if you can't dodge their attacks with that character. So I'm just going to leave it gal and start another character. and hope they fix it. Otherwise, that was a waste of 2 1/2 weeks. But two and a half weeks for me because I'd never played P. O. E-2 before or one. or any of the other ones. And it was fun to learn. But harder than I thought to burn. Yes, update fix it. Or I might as well just delete that character at the waste and all that time on it. I hate to do that. It was fun to play. the warrior. that's pretty release. So hopefully they get it fixed and I can use it again later. Just I don't know. I'm going to get it back on the bar when I can't find it anywhere I tried to make one on a different character and take it and pass it off, but It wont do it lol

After watching others play Mercenary, throwing grenades while running, I just couldn’t resist buying the game. I want to throw grenades too!

A converted long time Diablo Player. Played D2/D2R for 20 years on and off. D4 wasn't doing it. This was the game i was looking for. Lower barrier to entry compared to POE1

December 2024 - Cannot recommend, 5k Hours in POE1. There is something just "off" about the game currently. The grind between 20-30 feels like it takes 5 + hours alone all by itself. There is some sense of "Artificial difficulty" by what I mean, is for example. I spent 20 exalts to gear a brand new char. Got uniques. The best recommended gear. High res. Armor %, Es. 

Essentially the pinnacle of what you can obtain prior to level 20. 

Fast forward to any boss fight, You are sitting there struggling to get mana and hp potions after about 3 minutes of the fight going on. Your damage that felt like it was destroying everything, Is like a tickle to the boss. I even attempted to over level and go back and re attempt it. But still the same result.

There is some sort of developer induced fake difficulty at this time. The ONLY people who are playing this, are the ones who watch streamers, and follow builds. Someone found one good build that deletes everything regardless of gear, And everyone follows that build. Plays it for a month, then spends the currency on other builds. But what if you dont want to follow the like 50,000 other people using the same build?

In that case, Your absolutely f**ked. 

As a hardcore POE1 advid fan and player. Wait until the press covers POE2 developers redoing the difficulty then come back and play the game. It's honestly just a waste of time at this point. And thats coming from someone with 5k hours in poe1....

EA, FUN, LOGIN

love

good

mid at best

This game is good

Very much into the game. Only issue i'm having is when your first zoning into a new area the games freezes up and I've died more than a few times when you trying to do end game maps. Overall positive feeling but only reason I'm not giving it a thumbs up

Will change the review after GGG fixes the bug that freezes your whole computer in the loading screen. Specs 4070 + R9 9800 32GB ram. 

I still like GGG but I don't know, paying based on FOMO and to be a beta tester doesn't entirely sit well with me, especially when the F2P transition is veiled just to squeeze more money out of the players.

27 bucks is a fair price to be honest it's just packaging of the offer and the bugs that I mind.

The gameplay feels like POE 1+ with better graphics.

I have burnt a circle of fire into my retinas.

10/10 would do it again

Absolutely love this game! Best dungeon crawler game I have played for years! It’s almost addictive :)

I've seen some people say this game is too hard and not fun, but for me, it's the opposite – the difficulty is what makes it even more enjoyable!

map size - too big, drop only from rare mobs
trade is trash i just cant buy items and waste 20 min to buy only for 1 item, cause they don't answer i want just buy it. it ONE CLICK. do smth with it. currency exchange is great decision

I have ~2 hours played on steam and went to go playing today and after launching via steam it's telling me I need to go buy access to PoE2 early access?

When I visit the path of exile site it now shows that I don't have access. wrote the Support over 1 Week ago, still got no answer from them.

yes

Awesome graphics great game play

HELP

First half of the game is great, however the endgame is just way to punishing. Spending 2 hours grinding xp all to get one tapped and lose all the progress is just not for me especially since there is so much server lag and game crashes atm.

This game is just good and fun to play, especially with friends . Simple as that.

there are still some bugs here and there, incomplete and still a bit dry on some parts, but the game is already the best ARPG i ever played hands down.

game has started crashing so bad i have to reboot my pc bruh fix this ggg

Great

Great game overall
- Graphics 
- Game-play (the feel of the game)
- Audio

Downsides (early access)
- Win24H2 not recommended to be used
- Improper CPU Utilisation. 
- Performance issues

An amazing RPG. Very diverse and  complex, allows for a multitude of specs, gameplays, etc.
Crafting requires a prayer to RNG  Gods, but it is still fun.

GGG, you're like Santa Claus, gifting me POE2 as the best Christmas present!

Its still in early access and needs work. Its rewarding in a sense of beating something challenging but I don't find myself coming back because its fun to play.  Its challenging to the point of anger and its not very forgiving.  The characters, bosses, monsters are interesting. The quests and stories are good but the game play, sprawling passive tree, and non-intuitive skill are overwhelming most of the time. It's much more enjoyable played in a group of friends than the endless grind and deaths of solo play. In group play the loot drops are much better but its free for all loot so if you're not friends with others they can just steal all the loot. Its still in early access and needs work, balancing of classes, skills, and make the game fun. Its rewarding in a sense of beating something challenging but I don't find myself coming back because its fun to play or excited that I'll get a good item. I truly only play this game because my friends want to. 

If you enjoy throwing yourself at a wall and looking at the you have died screen then I recommend it, Find friends to play with if you want good gear. I give it a positive review only because its early access and it can improve.

I recommend.

Having said that... Early access has some major issues. The campaign feels amazing, but the end game is in a pretty bad place. It was bosses that made the campaign so fun. Some area's would have 2 - 3 of them hidden in there. Then you get to end game, and the bosses become few and far between. What makes it all worse is the bosses with interesting mechanics are easy while the random yellow mobs with zero interesting mechanics will wipe the floor with your face.

TL;DR: The campaign is amazing. Feels worth of they name PoE2. End game is bland, full of frustration, and feels like a worse PoE1.

It's a great game. More in-depth and far more challenging than Diablo but still accessible for casual players. The end game is a lot of fun so far, and I love the official marketplace which is built into the game by the devs.

Gid Good this game will stole my life again.

Gives me a feel of D2. Too bad old friends are not here anymore.

Great

Don't have a life now, girlfriend misses me, 10 hours a day, make me very happy

Solid ARPG with no P2W elements. Bigtime D2-esque nostalgia with modern graphics.

Great game, Better then Diablo 3


brrt

aoe instant death spam the game. meta build for raw damage ... or build tank and survive but kill nothing. Great environment, Love the themes, build system is good lots of option, and then it fall flat because only a few very specific builds can complete game. I like to play the games I buy not have to watch a doctoral thesis on builds and then every bit of the game by watching multiple play through's of streamer. Want to play but no thank you I have better things to play that are fun and engaging journey IN the game. might be a personal opinion but Dev's just make a good game, challenging but fair and Approachable if players love the game and want a challenge they will find ways to make it a challenge.

Kinda like PoE1 demo tbh but since POE1 is the best ARPG, this one is just as good.

D4 bad, this better. Give me your Divine Orbs pls ty

I'm sick of this game crashing my entire pc every single play session.

I only played Solo Self Found.
They need to fix a lot of things until release, and i am not certain they will.
Because they wont change game systems, and Honour System and Acendency Trails are really bad.

Drop rate of any usable items is too low, and getting an item with decent stats are even lower.
The gameplay feels slow and sluggish. Bosses are spongy.
I enjoyed the first 50 Hours or so, but i just got tired of it all.

I'm going to change my review to positive if it gets better in a couple of years, but not holding my breath.
And yes, i dont think they will release the next year, its just too much to add, change and patch.

I regret playing this "open beta" and i usually dont play early access at all for obvious reasons, but i got suckered inn by the hype. Never again.



its poe1 but slow and tedious and without crafting

about 30% finished

Many users are experiencing full PC crashes/freezes due to CPU utilization hitting 100% during certain loading screens which leaves no CPU power for the OS and cause the PC to Freeze.

This has been tested and confirmed by removing core 0 and 1 from the affinity of PoE2 through the task manager. (PC no longer hangs but the PoE2 client will crash)

It has also been tested by disabling multi-threading in the options before going through portals/loading screens while obviously tanking game performance. (No crashes occur)

Unwitting users who play PoE2 and suffer this crash risk the chance of bricking their hardrives, SSDs, RAM and other hardware.

In fact there are reports of this happening.

The two most replied to threads on the Early access forum are related to this issue and GGG has been silent:

https://www.pathofexile.com/forum/view-thread/3594471/page/219

https://www.pathofexile.com/forum/view-thread/3594126/page/252

Please GGG fix this issue before unwitting kids start frying their PCs while attempting to play over the holidays.

Endgame is not coop friendly at this time.

Very nice game! If don't have life, buy one with this game. At least you make friends.

just feels like a modern day Diablo 2 to me. It's not finished but I definitely can see the potential.

Its fun 🙂

Endgame is way too tedious and boring

100hrs in and still going strong even in early access :)

Progression is at your own pace, if you follow a build guide then you'll have a smooth experience blasting through waves of enemies and killing bosses. However, the crafting system is robust, there's no guide or handholding on how to craft and progress your character build, it's entirely up to you to reach for the stars, the sky is the limit.

deez nuts

best ARPG ever

Played the original Poe and was not really excited about it. There have been a lot of refinements in this version that make it a lot more fun. Played it on Xbox Console and decided I liked it enough to play it on steam on my PC. This is the early release version, and hopefully it will only get better.

покищо не рекомендую
у пікові години гра лагає так шо грати майже нереально - вмираю майже завди через лаг
ну і багів вистачає

good

Mint Game 10/10

I'm thoroughly enjoying this game, the combat feels very nice, and my build has worked out to be very effective. An otherwise great game if it weren't for the god awful ascendancy system. 

For some reason, the devs decided to lock ascendancy points behind two roguelite systems: The Trial of Sekhemas, and the Trial of Chaos. The Trial of Sekhemas is especially bad, as to progress through the trial, you have to navigate your way through debuffs and rewards. The problem is, more often than not, you can't avoid the negative debuffs, and they are brutal. They can make your otherwise very strong character hit like a wet noodle, or remove all your defensive stats, or even speed up the animation speed of enemies, including bossess, making it borderline impossible to attack without taking a hit. 

Another thing about The Trial of Sekhemas is the honour system, which is effectively another health bar, which can only be replenished minutely through fountains that you may or may not encounter as rewards during your progression of the trial. And if your 'honour bar' becomes fully depleted, you fail, and lose the token you used to access the trial. 

I could go on, but honestly everything I have said has already been said by much of the player-base, and this is more of a plea for change than an actual negative review. I do recommend the game, but my god this current system of ascendancy trials sucks ass.

(I will change my review of this otherwise fantastic game when they rework the entirety of the current system of acquiring ascendancy points.)

Yes, this is not d4 :)

Lmao Dog trash Dodge/roll mechanics please delete it

SIck Fuck in the head devs wtf is wrong with u ? why gib small inv in an loot based arpg ?? ! 

Tp every 5 min WHY ??? just fucking why

Better then POE 1. I would like to Diablo IV would be that good. It is hard, much harder then Diablo and it is good that you have to invest some time to beat the game. Way to do games!

Just play it

Simply amazing

great game

w game

Great Graphics!
Runs smooth
Lag is really frustrating but a "me thing" i guess.
Campain is...there, story is...there for the oners who want to read it or stop in the middle of a map to listen to something that doesn't play along when you lerave the scoll with the text.
I dont't understand the fascination with this game. I mean, it is a good game but it feels like Diablo 4 S1, everthing is so slow. Everthing can kill me instantly
200k Currencys, none of them explained propperly.
When I hit "c" ingame i get a char screen with 2 million stats that are poorly explained.
26% Armor means every hit is reduced by 26%? no, of course not, learn this graph to understand how complex and useless armor is...
I get a new Item, great, is it better? how would i know? 
I have to go to the Youtubes and get a 2 1/2 hour course in "this is how the basic mechanics of poe2" work...
When your die, loot disappears...on softcore. there was an unique drop just now, couldnt klick fast enough, something killed me, dont even now what, now its gone, great, much fun, many joy.
I play with WASD an i died on more than one occasion because my monk is hitting Air while beeing surrounded by mobs.
This is the slowest, most grindiest game i ever played, and i am kind of really let down, for waiting so long to try it and now its only frusttrating. 
IT GAVE ME A NEW APPRECIATION FOR DIABLO 4!! DIABLO 4!

If you like of of that, get in there.

nice game, it is perfect control by using awds with mouse.

So I'm gonna go ahead and say if you are expecting the clickfest that was POE 1, you might be disappointed. This game plays more like a soulslite. Dodging is very important as all the bosses seem to have at least one attack that will smash you into little bits of dust. 

That being said, I am loving this. I stopped play No Rest for the Wicked because I ran out of game. This is scratching that itch a bit. Plus all the wonderful build depth you'd come to expect from a Path of Exile title. A+

Excellent start continuation of POE1 - Unfortunately there are some Quality of Life issues they need to add and also change some fundamental things such as, increased XP, better uniques, mapping needs to be a bit more fun like POE1, and also needs QoL issues. As an early access it is a great start and will look different in a year no doubt.

Im Skibidi Sigma Rizzling through these Maps, almost as if im Balkan Raging while beeing drunk on Still Water!!!!!!

░░░░░▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▄▄▄▄▄▄░░░░░░░
░░░░░█░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░▀▀▄░░░░
░░░░█░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░░░▒▒▒░░█░░░
░░░█░░░░░░▄██▀▄▄░░░░░▄▄▄░░░░█░░
░▄▀▒▄▄▄▒░█▀▀▀▀▄▄█░░░██▄▄█░░░░█░
█░▒█▒▄░▀▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░█░░░▒▒▒▒▒░█
█░▒█░█▀▄▄░░░░░█▀░░░░▀▄░░▄▀▀▀▄▒█
░█░▀▄░█▄░█▀▄▄░▀░▀▀░▄▄▀░░░░█░░█░
░░█░░░▀▄▀█▄▄░█▀▀▀▄▄▄▄▀▀█▀██░█░░
░░░█░░░░██░░▀█▄▄▄█▄▄█▄████░█░░░
░░░░█░░░░▀▀▄░█░░░█░█▀██████░█░░
░░░░░▀▄░░░░░▀▀▄▄▄█▄█▄█▄█▄▀░░█░░
░░░░░░░▀▄▄░▒▒▒▒░░░░░░░░░░▒░░░█░
░░░░░░░░░░▀▀▄▄░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░█░
░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▄▄▄▄▄░░░░░░░░█░░

Path of Exile is a action role-playing game (ARPG) developed by Grinding Gear Games. Set in the dark, immersive world of Wraeclast, it offers a complex and rewarding experience reminiscent of the original Diablo series and for that reason alone I would love it! BUT it is sooo much more.

One of the game's standout features is its extensive character customisation. The passive skill tree is a sprawling network of over 1,300 nodes, allowing players to craft unique builds tailored to their preferred playstyle. This depth is further enhanced by the skill gem system, where abilities are linked to equipment, enabling a vast array of combinations and strategies. Such complexity ensures that both new and veteran players can find endless opportunities for experimentation and personal builds etc.

The gameplay is engaging and challenging, with procedurally generated areas that keep each playthrough fresh and unpredictable. Combat is fluid and satisfying, demanding both strategic planning and quick reflexes. The game encourages creative interactions between skills for instance, casting a frost bolt through a wall of flame results in a flaming frost bolt, adding layers of tactical depth and surprise to encounters.

For those who appreciate the atmospheric and gritty aesthetic of the early Diablo games, Path of Exile delivers a nostalgic yet modern experience. The dark fantasy setting, combined with a haunting musical score, creates an immersive environment that draws players into its lore-rich world.

Considering its free-to-play model, Path of Exile offers exceptional value. The developers have committed to avoiding pay-to-win mechanics, focusing on cosmetic items and account features, ensuring that gameplay remains fair and skill-based. Regular updates and expansions have continually enriched the game, introducing new content and mechanics that keep the experience fresh and engaging.

In summary, Path of Exile is a remarkable ARPG that combines deep character customisation, engaging gameplay, and a richly crafted world. Its homage to the classic Diablo series, coupled with innovative mechanics and a fair pricing model, makes it a must-play for fans of the genre. Whether you're a seasoned veteran or new to action RPGs, Path of Exile offers a rewarding and immersive adventure well worth your time.

There in short I like this game!

Enjoy!

Act 1-3 are pretty good and resemble an actual game where you get better via skill and gear progression.
Afterwards it falls apart through the repeat of acts and endgame is just dogshit where u either have a build where u one shot everything or u die by one shot. And the way to progress is to grind or I guess try some bs off game trading. 
The first major boss is more mechanically complex than all bosses in endgame cause at that point u have to have a build that one shots, there is nothing in between. I guess some people like this and the game in current state is not for me. 
Maybe with updates and once it gets out of EA they will continue to keep the quality of first acts through out the whole game. Until then stay away,

Visually impressive with character actions and development that feel fresh in a genre where that's an impressive feat.

.

Campaign is AWESOME really. But that's just a trick, endgame is nothing like that.

So, in short -
Playing maces - fun but sucks
Armor type defense - sucks
On death effects - sucks
Sashimi Trials - sucks
Ultimatum - sucks but not as bad
Build Diversity - sucks
Mapping aka "endgame" - sucks big, it's just a slog
One death per map - sucks
introducing Increase Rarity and Light Radius stats - sucks
Non-lightning mages - suck
"Crafting" - sucks, it's a gambling now

These clowns reintroduced literally every problem which was solved in PoE1, and somehow made it worse. Picking one of the most hated mechanics, again - making them worse, and then locking character progress behind them - is just priceless.
Promised to make combat slow and methodical - had 1 button zooming builds 3 days in release. Now literally every build can just zoom around spamming single button (as long as not using a mace ofc) - so slow much methodical wow.

I was so hooked watching streamers play, and I was planning to wait for the full release. But seeing how much I wanted to play, my girlfriend decided to gift me the game for Christmas. I'm so happy!

Actually the ARPG experience I've been waiting for, even in early access. Fantastic

Addictive, structurally elaborate, immersive, atmospheric and difficult! Full release will be epic!

Introduction:Path of Exile 2 has been a highly anticipated sequel, and it's safe to say it lives up to the hype. This ARPG (Action Role-Playing Game) takes the original's dark, immersive world and refines it into something even more engaging.

Gameplay and Mechanics:The gameplay is where Path of Exile 2 shines. It introduces a new control scheme that feels more like a top-down shooter, making combat feel more dynamic and responsive. The WASD movement, combined with mouse aiming, gives players a sense of control that's both intuitive and rewarding. The game doesn't shy away from challenge, with bosses designed to test your build and strategy rather than just your gear level. Each encounter is unique, providing a fresh challenge that keeps the gameplay loop exciting.



Story and Atmosphere:Set years after the original, Path of Exile 2 continues the grim narrative of Wraeclast with new cultures and evils to confront. The story isn't just a backdrop but an integral part of the gameplay experience, with a six-act campaign that's both engaging and mysterious. The atmosphere is dark and compelling, with environments that are beautifully crafted and atmospheric, enhancing the overall immersion.


Graphics and Sound:Visually, Path of Exile 2 is a step up from its predecessor with improved lighting and environmental details that make the world of Wraeclast feel alive and menacing. The sound design complements this, with each class having distinct audio cues for their abilities, adding depth to the combat experience.


Character Customization:Players have a plethora of options for character customization, with 12 classes to choose from and a skill gem system that allows for vast build diversity. This system, combined with the passive skill tree, offers endless possibilities for personalization, ensuring that no two players will have the exact same experience.


Community and Multiplayer:The game supports co-op for up to six players, which adds a layer of fun when exploring Wraeclast with friends. The community around Path of Exile has always been strong, and this continues into Path of Exile 2, with a supportive and vibrant player base.


Conclusion:Path of Exile 2 is a masterpiece for fans of the ARPG genre. It maintains the core elements that made the original beloved while pushing the boundaries with new gameplay mechanics, a richer story, and enhanced visuals. Whether you're a veteran of the series or new to the genre, Path of Exile 2 offers a deep, rewarding experience that's hard to put down. It's not just a game; it's an adventure into a dark, fantastical world where every decision shapes your journey.

Final Rating: 9/10 - A must-play for ARPG enthusiasts looking for depth, challenge, and a captivating story.

For sure.

Since launch till now made 2 chars all nerfed wasted all my time in getting nothing. Sped 500 000  gold on respecs to find its not even worth it. Will give it a go again when they decide to fix the game. Atm your the test pig for them  Enjoy!!

Love the game, have so much positive feedback about it..
That said Trial of Sekhemas is absolute insanity.
Im playing a minion build, cant see half the stuff going on around me, Im supposed to dodge offscreen projectiles, not to mention the fire traps have AOE when they hit a wall so you get double f'd on.
Bosses have a ton of HP, difficult to kill, judging by the lvl you unlock this, its gonna be impossible for new players.
Please nerf it HARD or just remove it from existance.

Love you GGG, keep up the (mostly) amazing work!

If you are into arpg's, you will love it.

Its Great!

Absolutely phenomenal game....cannot wait for full release. One of the best ARPG's out there

5 loading screens in 15 mins that Froze the pc and had to hard shutdown Pc

Best ARPG on the market. Absolute PEAK of gaming if you love deep intricate and detailed systems. Gameplay is engaging and thrilling. Story is interesting. Bosses are truly fun to challenge. Didn't reach the endgame yet

7/10

Refunded after 90 minutes of crashing, lag, and general misery.

slow boring overhyped trash

With about 100 hours into the game, chilling through tier 13-14 maps, I feel like it was about time to add a review.
Previously I have enjoyed over 1000 hours in POE 1, and played all diablo games, last epoch, warhammer inquisitor etc.

The game is still in early access and it can be felt, there is some aspects of the game that I believe needs to change, and they probably will before the release.
The largest issue, which I find is the same as POE 1 is stability, disconnections and crashes are far too frequent, and while it is early access, I find it unacceptable, if it is only as stabel as POE 1, I find myself crashing roughly once per hour, and in POE 1 it was not much different either.

I like their gem system, while it could do with fine tuning, I have not seen it anywhere else, so for me that is probably also the only "unique" thing about POE 2, compared to other games.
The adoption of WASD is also done very well, you do not find it often in these games, and I think I would have found it harder, if I had not played it in warhammer inquisitor.

What I like most about the game is probably the feel of progression, especially in campaign, playing with a friend we reached the very hard bosses in the acts, we died and we overcome the challenge, I would say I prefer coop over single player in this aspect, as it becomes quite a bit harder when you solo it.
And then the dophamine hit with drops of course (loot filter required), I do not think I can remember any game since diablo 2, which can give that boost (exccluding poe 1).

Looking forward to a lot of fine tuning, and the rest of the acts, classes and ascendencies.

Great game

best arpg

love it

Diablo killer!

PoS

Stare dobre nowe diablo.

login

Game in Early Access released in better shape than many of the AAA great premieres in past few years. Much more accessible for a new players than PoE, can't wait to see more things to come in this game. Endgame requires kinda powerful PC if you want to have smooth experience. It does many things PoE1 did but in a less complex way which is a great plus.

To preface: I've never played PoE1, and have only casually played Diablo 3 & 4 (meaning i finished the story with multiple classes but never bothered sticking around in the endgame too long).

When my best friend gifted me an early access copy for this game, I didn't know what curse has been bestowed to me with that simple kind gesture. She has robbed me of 80 hours in just over 2 weeks already, I simply cannot stop the grind.
Pros:
- Very satisfying minute to minute gameplay. Sounds feel crisp and punchy, animations are great, the visual effects are stunning.
- It dances the fine line of having incredible depth and complexity in terms of build customization, while still making that complexity intuitive and simple enough to understand with relative ease. The passive skill tree being the perfect example for that. Specific attributes are clustered in "constellations" on the skill tree, for example a large sword consisting of several upgrades that all enhance swords in some way, or a lightning bolt for lightning damage upgrades.
- Visually stunning, both in sheer graphics, and also all of the design choices. Armor looks fantasy, yet realistic, monsters look monstrous, without going into cartoonish or upsettingly gory (with a few intentional exceptions).
- BOSSES! Bosses feel difficult, yet fair. Learning their attack patterns feels rewarding. A *couple* of them are a bit too easy, but that might've had to do with getting very lucky with my build the first time i attempted them.
- The story is engaging, and progresses at a nice pace. I've completed the current 3 available acts several times now and still enjoy going through it.

Cons:
- Controls definitely need some tweaking by the time 1.0 release comes around, both M/KB and Gamepad controls.
└ M/KB aim on ranged attacks feels off, because your character shoots at the chest/head height of the spot on the ground that you click on, meaning shooting up and down is accurate, but shooting left and right has a really annoying offset. This is the main reason I prefer using Gamepad controls (which has heavy aim-assist, practically auto-aim).
└ Gamepad doesn't allow you to rebind controls (as of writing this review), and the A button is contextual. Meaning, when enemies around it acts as an ability, but when there are no enemies nearby it's the button used for picking loot up. When you wanna pick something up while enemies are around, you need to finagle the right stick at the same time as pressing A to hopefully pick up the item you intended to take, which can be incredibly frustrating.
└ Overall it feels like both options have pros that the other option SHOULD also easily have, but simply doesn't.
- The game could do a better job explaining some of the more intricate details that become more important in the late game, such as Vaal orbs, item modifier tiers, and whatever else there is that I am still discovering. But I expect this to change by the time 1.0 comes out.

Overall, highly recommend this game, it's a ton of fun.
PS: If you get the early access including the paid currency, WAIT FOR A STASH TAB SALE AND SPEND IT ON STASH TABS OH MY GOD I HAD NO IDEA HOW IMPORTANT STASH TABS BECOME IN THE LATE GAME AAAHHH!!!

A

no.
The amount of shit you have to memorize to be able to play this game comfortably is infuriating. I don't want to memorize 200+ different models that MIGHT kill me instantly. I don't want to replay 90% of the encounter because I have no access to the possible attacks of the boss that MIGHT kill me in one hit. I don't want to constantly run from common enemies that MIGHT stun me an instantly kill me because each has 100% hit chance. Not to mention I also have to fear enemies after their death as they MIGHT blow up.
It is garbage until they fix the sheer absurdity of the game. Half of the game is running around killing everything without any effort or attention necessary and the other half you get killed in one hit by some boss or a couple of common enemies with 100% stun ability so you'll have a reason to REPEAT THE FIRST  HALF AND AVOID THE SECOND.


I play it a bit . Love it

[h1]Path of Exile 2 Review[/h1]

[b]Overall Rating:[/b] 9.5/10

[h2]Gameplay[/h2]
Path of Exile 2 stands out as not just a great game but arguably the best in its genre. The improvements over its predecessor are vast, with numerous quality-of-life changes that make the game feel more intuitive and approachable. This results in top-tier gameplay that is both engaging and rewarding.

[h2]Boss Fights[/h2]
The boss fights in Path of Exile 2 feel like true boss encounters. They offer the right level of difficulty, ensuring that overcoming them feels like a genuine achievement. The challenge is balanced in a way that rewards strategy and perseverance, adding to the overall sense of accomplishment.

[h2]Story[/h2]
The story, as far as it is available in Early Access, is exceptionally well-written and immersive. [b]Act 2[/b] stood out as a highlight, providing a memorable and captivating experience that left me eager for more.

[h2]Graphics[/h2]
Graphically, the game remains true to its roots, yet the improvements over the original are noticeable and impressive. The visual style has been preserved, but the enhancements in detail and polish make the game visually stunning.

[h2]Audio[/h2]
One aspect deserving of special praise is the game's audio design. From the [b]music[/b] to the [b]ambient sounds[/b] and [b]voice acting[/b], every element of the audio landscape contributes to the immersion and overall experience, setting a high standard for games in this genre.

[hr][/hr]

Compared to poe1 this overhyped, bland, slow, dumbed down and boring slop is just that - slop. It's absolutely shocking how a bunch of filthy paid shills on twitch managed to hype this garbage up so much.

its ight bro

Im new to ARPG Game and this game gives its excitement and great gameplay, just loved the mechanics of the game and smoothness easliy a 100-200 hrs plus game and gonna be free later on.. This is this good on early access gameplay still

Great game for handheld.

For Early Access This game still blows other current arpg's out the water!  Excited for the future of this game and grinding gears!!

Run more than decently on steam deck with minimal graphic settings tweaks. 
The cross play steam/ps5 works out of the box. 

I didn’t really clicked with poe1, the learning curve to start enjoy it was too steep for the little time at my disposal. 
However, Poe is much more approachable and after just an hour or two, you should be familiar with the game mechanics.

Didn't like POE1 but POE2 is awesome

Amazing game

if you liked diablo, then you will like this

Can anyone recommend me some good starter builds? Any class is fine, thanks!

new arpg beter than aspected

Poe1 = Spiritual successor to Diablo II
Poe2 = True successor to Diablo II

The game is fun but many monster and damage is overtune. 
On-dead effect that can easily oneshot you. 
Blood puddle and fire ground that can melt you in 2 second. 
Annoying ghost that can phase and freeze you. 
Cluster of effect that you don't know which one is doing damage or just game cosmetic.
Boss room that have no way to get in.
Honor system in the lab is BS.
Too much particle effect that make your GPU go brrrrr.
co-op HP scaling is stupid high.
Yah. 10/10

Diablo 5,

its fun

Best ARPG!

The amount of love pouted into this game is evident. For fans of ARPGs, it's a treat.

Monk goes bonk

dogshít

a better diablo xD

Nice setting.Bad everything else.

To much excessive need for dodge
Everything feels nerf in early game

Making massive annoyances when dealing enemies until you reach near executioner, where thing start to seem to stabilize with more skill drops and stacking;

starting enemies are just way over-tuned for the lack of skill/combos early game.

Thais my experience as a spell caster, but i hear a lot of complaint of melees, and tbh if i played melee i would definitely have a harder time especially early on.

Its just throwing spell min maxing energy shield and enemies still 3 tap, bosses have a bunch of life especially even regular enemies can be regularly painful.

beyond that, the devs  should basically x10 duration on thing like flame walls and debuff/other 
its so annoying having to cast them every 2 second, or each 2 attacks, its just obnoxious.

If you can tank a bit at the start threw the insane hassle, at-least currently in my experience when reaching execution the game start to become stable at least as a spell case spamming flame balls, with flame spirit, archer skeleton minion, skeleton minion, and hp focus on them.

using fire wall and other debuff and a bunch of stuff; basically min maxing using every single resource i can; it stabilized;

don't know how melee are going, but its they really need to fix a lot of stuff especially remove the movement speed penalty when attacking its just annoying, and then ridiculous need to dodge spam 24/7, and stop hyper nerfing

Hard to recommend, as it is indeed a great constant issue that being presented, especially with the dodge necessity of spam, movement debuff on attack, and extreme obnoxious recasting each 2 second of thing like flame-wall and general debuffs;

and early game really become agonizing even with a spell caster minion spam

.

really boring, classes are very boring, 1 button spam.

Well, i died like 50 times trying to kill the last boss of Act 1. Until i actually tried to understand what the boss is doing and making up a strategy to defeat him. I downed him in 2 minutes with full health. 10/10

Great Game.

awsome game

Perfect! The Christmas holiday is meant to be spent playing POE2!

I am really enjoying this game!!!!!!

great game much better then diablo 4 and it has bosses that do test you alot of the time

This game is TRULY amazing and this is just Early Access!!! The full release is going to blow our hairs back and make our ears moist!!! As it plays now there is plenty of content and so much to do with the Classes and Builds. Do yourself a huge favor and just play this now until Full Release. You get your $30 worth and the game is Hard in so many good ways. Yet it is very rewarding when you get your upgrades. Story is very good and Endgame FEELS GREAT! Does this game need work?... well.. yes.. DUH! It's early access so when playing please keep that in mind but don't be afraid to push some limits. Be understanding when things don't work right at the moment and give feed back to the development team so it can get fixed before the early access and after Full Release. I STRONGLY SUGGEST this game to anyone who enjoys Asymmetrical ARPGs and loves getting the Loots, Levels, Powers, Styles, Rewards, and so much more! :D

Feels very grindy.  I don't have a lot of free time.  Most fights are very much click click click, roll, circle back, click, click, click.  Without a lot of satisfaction.

good yes good!

Mobs are over-tuned. Bosses even more so.
Pray you dodge properly or block or else you will eat BIG hits that delete 90% of your life.
As someone who has played DS3 and Elden Ring, I somehow ended up dodging more than those 2 games combined? How is that possible?  A melee build should not suffer that much in close range. Only real choice is to go either pure ranged or minions(dont like Witch but got no choice atm).

Overall, I'd say wait a few months till they make more changes. Rn everything is so damn over-tuned, leveling is an absolute pain in the ass.

Like swallowing glass.

Superb EA game.  It has some rough edges and some really polished blade tips. I suspect with more time there will be more loot, more classes and a ton of balance adjustments.   The WASD addition to the game has made it infinitely more enjoyable to me personally and the unique system which they've implemented feels very tight. 

5/5. Support good development by rewarding good development.

Game play is excellent, very fun despite being in EA.  There's still room for polish and balancing especially in the end game content, but the game is already in a very enjoyable state. Especially the campaign, this is a best in class ARPG experience.

I bought the game and spent the first two hours reading guides. I went with the Ranger right from the start, and firing arrows that hit multiple targets is just so much fun!

this is the true sequel to Diablo 2.

I am a Diablo vet.  Diablo 1-4 with 2 being my favorite.  So many aspects of this game hit so many of the vibes diablo 2 hit for me.  Diablo 4 had a decent campaign but fell off when it came to end game.  

I never played PoE 1 but this game is incredible.  
As of now I have 166 hours into the game and I've only played ONE character.  I am excited to try the others and the rest of the game to come out with the full release!

I highly recommend it if you are into these types of games.

luv this game <3

Don't get me wrong, the game is pretty decent, is a marked improvement over Path of Exile 1, and shows promise.
HOWEVER, it is still very much EARLY access. A LOT of content is still unavailable - whole classes, multiple weapons, a ton of skills. Its fun, but very barebones. Plus obvious Early Access flaws such as bugs, lack of balance, rampant connection instability, etc. So I cannot recommend buying it at this point, but will change that recommendation as the missing stuff gets added.

Also your Early Access characters will get put into a special trash bin season after Early Access ends, so don't get attached to them.

dark souls 4

The game is insanely good at stealing my time, completely addictive
I'll be grinding through Christmas and New Year's!

Campaign was fun and I actually hope that it was the focus and the problems are because of that.


Especially endgame is not enjoyable at all, items are basically obtained exclusively through trading, unless you're willing to spend a ton of currency to craft yourself which is far more expensive and yields way worse results.

The Trials are one of the worst things I've seen in any game, imagine fighting through 20+ rooms (taking 20+ minutes) to face a boss you've never seen before and if you fail to dodge any attack, you're most likely dead and have to start over, without gaining anything.

Maps are also pretty terrible, while you can tank a few hits in lower tiers, you will basically get oneshot later on, of course you only have one try per map and any loot you couldn't pick up is lost.

I like getting punished, but this has become boring in a very short amount of time (for an ARPG).

There are also great things about PoE2: combat feels fluid, builds are understandable, dodgerolling works pretty well, classes are good.

PoE2 has the potential to become my favorite ARPG and succeed Diablo 2 (Resurrected), but as it stands now, I'd rather return to D2 Resurrected and farm the bosses I've farmed for 24 years than deal with the stuff PoE2 currently has to offer.

VELLY GOOSE

Path of Exile 2: The Redemption of ARPGs

After the letdown that was Diablo 4, diving into Path of Exile 2 felt like a breath of fresh air. This game doesn't just redeem the ARPG genre; it sets a new standard.

From the moment I started playing Path of Exile 2, it was clear that Grinding Gear Games (GGG) understood what players wanted. The developers didn't just listen; they absorbed every piece of feedback from the original Path of Exile and used it to craft something truly special. Unlike Diablo 4, where the loot system felt like a chore, PoE 2 respects your time. Loot drops are meaningful, not just a sea of numbers you sift through hoping for something decent.

The atmosphere in Path of Exile 2 is what I expected from a dark, fantasy ARPG. It's gritty, it's dark, and honestly, it's terrifying at times. Every map feels like a new chapter in a dark, twisted tale, making you feel like you're truly exploring the depths of Wraeclast rather than just another reskinned zone.

Community? PoE 2 nails it. There's a genuine sense of cooperation and competition. The game's design encourages interaction in a way that feels natural, not forced. It's clear GGG values player interaction, providing tools and systems that foster a healthy, engaging community. This is worlds apart from the toxic environment that sometimes plagued Diablo 4.

The story in PoE 2, while not its main draw, is compelling in its own right. It's woven into the gameplay in a way that makes you want to uncover more. Characters have depth, and the narrative feels like it's moving forward with you, not just around you.

Combat in Path of Exile 2 is where it really shines, offering a level of precision and responsiveness that Diablo 4 lacked. Every class feels unique, with a skill tree so vast it's like painting your own masterpiece. The developers have given players the freedom to experiment, fail, and then succeed in ways Diablo 4's more rigid class system never allowed. 

One of the most refreshing aspects is how GGG handles monetization. Path of Exile 2 remains free-to-play, with cosmetics that feel like a genuine reward for supporting a game you love, not a necessity to enjoy it. This approach is a stark contrast to Diablo 4's aggressive microtransaction model, which felt more like a paywall than an optional enhancement.

In essence, Path of Exile 2 feels like a love letter to ARPG fans. GGG has not only learned from their past but has also learned from the mistakes of others in the genre. They've delivered a game that respects the player's intelligence, time, and passion for the genre. Diablo 4 might have had the big budget and the big name, but Path of Exile 2 has the heart, the soul, and the dedication to what makes these games special. It's clear where the true passion for ARPGs lies, and it's not with Blizzard's latest offering.

is gud

The build variety is incredible, and they’ve streamlined the overly complicated and unnecessary designs from POE1. The gameplay innovations are excellent, and the speed of optimization and fixes is impressive!

I'll come back to this later, but right now it lacks a lot of QoL stuff, forces you to often backtrack and the classes are not balanced well at all. Some are a blast, others are just constant struggle.
Not worth the early access, but showing enough promise that the finished game should be pretty fun.

After nearly a decade of playing Diablo-Like games, I can confidently say that after defeating just two bosses in this game, I’ve officially declared that my new life starts at 40.

If you die while playing maps in Path of Exile 2, you lose both the map and the experience points (XP) you've gained. If you run out of maps, you're forced to drop down to lower-tier maps and grind those until you manage to acquire a higher-tier map for your current level. In the meantime, running these lower-tier maps doesn't provide any meaningful XP.

This repetitive cycle is frustrating. I don’t have the time to waste on doing the same thing over and over again, especially when it feels senseless. It's becoming boring. While I understand that this is an early access game, constantly being pushed into monotonous gameplay isn't enjoyable or engaging. It detracts from the overall experience, leaving it feeling neither fun nor interesting.

Great game! Basically Diablo 6

I am one of those many who have lost access to early access, GGG support is non-existent and they do not communicate at all about this server side issue, i will not buy anything from GGG again, thank god i spend nothing on the first POE

someone please help i can't stop playing this game.

Early access game with significant bugs...especially the annoying last boss checkpoint bug. But all in all I think this is going to turn out to be a great game. If I have any major criticism it is that, having played both witch and sorc, there didn't feel much difference in play style. Many of the skill gems can be used in both classes. I'd like to see something unique in each class that other classes don't have.

Вторая игра, которой я готов написать отзыв. Красивая картинка и анимация, некоторые боссы и скиллы интересные, на этом плюсы заканчиваются. Почти никакие геймплейные проблемы первой части не решены. Спустя почти 200 часов ощущается, как пытка, а не пое. В пое1 наиграл около 6к часов, пое2 больше не хочется запускать. Проблемы не в том, что я хочу видеть во второй части всё из первой, а в том как вообще пое2 играется (особенный привет испытаниям асцендаси и крафту, который выглядит как азиатская гача игра). 
Тем, кто говорит, что это еще ранний доступ. Я ждал, что после 12 лет опыта и фидбека ГГГ сделают что-то крутое и новое. Пока что в базе это выглядит как соединение LE, D4 и расслес ПоЕ1, либо как дьябло 3,5, что точно не выглядит крутым и новым. Если игра останется +- такой же, возвращаться в нее не будет никакого желания. Ни на релизе, ни с добавлением лиг контента. Я очень сильно разочарован, пошел искать что-то другое.
P.S. И ради этой игры они мало занимались пое1, круто получилось, конечно. Ах, да. Для челов с фул тайм работой, активной ирл жизнью и под пыво пойдет, увы. Если будет не лень, распишу больше.


I’ve been playing Ranger, but all my gear turns out to be for summoning. I’m thinking of starting a summoner build next!

Not easy, but a lot of fun.

GGG/PoE2 shills are unbearable, you can't even give constructive criticism because you will be smeared to the limits. Stockholm syndrome or something, kinda crazy.

Me and some friends have been playing a LOT of this game with no signs of slowing down! Love the challenge that is present, honestly so refreshing to play. Also very happy they let you respec which you could not do in POE 1 which made the game a huge time sync to either learn or fail miserably at. This game is very fun with a ton of different ways to spec and play the 6 classes out of 12 present. Easy enough to play it like an arcade experience and has the depth to bust out a spreadsheet if you that's your thing. 

Mostly played on PC but the game runs amazingly on Steam Deck with most settings on low. The graphics getting turned down on that size screen is a negligible difference for a great handheld experience. Plays very well M&K or on controller. Gotta mention, I love the ability to pause the game at any time if you are not partied up so that you can tend to life then pick back up right where you left off rather than hunt for a stopping point or die and lose progress.

Hats off to the devs for being decent people, they truly deserve the love this game is getting! Early Access gives you in game cosmetic currency at the same rate you would pay to get it when it launches F2P so no predatory money grabbing either. Game has more polish than so much of what comes out these days and the devs have a great record of supporting POE 1,

Shut up and take my money!

They made it too difficult

My buddy asked me what I wanted for a gift this year, and my answer was: POE2!

POE 1 = What Diablo 3 should have been
POE 2 = What Diablo 4 should have been

Grinding Gear Games continues to set the gold standard. They genuinely care about their players. If they were on the public market, I'd invest without hesitation.

Hands down my new favourite ARPG. Truly feels like the spiritual successor to Diablo 1/2.

good

at this moment i just can't recommend the game. it has problems from poe1 that makes it not fun and i just dont think they will change that for this game

I have to start  with I absolutely love this game but there are some issues.
I like to make my own builds and be off meta and this game is amazing for that. I have picked it up and done my own thing from the start, there is no guide or anything like it so I amuse its not "Good" but its been a blast, (Mostly fire Sorc Chronomancer, basically what nobody is doing it seems).

in the Campaign Bosses are AWESOME almost dark soul level and this is only possible with the awesome WASD controls or controller unless you are super fast but it  was a game changer.

Where I have an  Issue is end game, I love my weied build, it was good enough to get through up to a T7 map so far and i feel way further but the map system is brutal and VERY punishing. If you fail you not only loose the Waystone to enter but all modifiers are wiped. Bosses are one of these modifiers, I went through like 20 maps before i realized bosses were even a thing because I was dying and that makes the maps no modifier worthless wastes of time and completely eliminates wat I found the most fun. 
I love hard games but am not a top player, like i feel may of us are. I Just want to have fun with the game, by making it effectively I have to do every map PERFECT to even have a chance at a boss and having fun is WAY too brutal,  I don't even mind being punished with loosing the maps just don't wipe the modifiers that makes the entirety of end game just basic dungeons for any build that isnt meta good. I cant see how this would possibly make it worse for better players it only makes less good people want to quit before they get good.
Last Map Drops are terrible, i did great at the start cleared up to a VI but got no drops for a new VI, I have been stuck trying to  get past V for like 20 maps now, I feel no difference in a T1 to a T5 or 7 for that matter; difficulty wise I still clear just as fast still can get taken down in less than a sec if I'm not perfect (I know its cuz my build is trash probably but let me have fun how does that hurt better players).

Make end game fun/rewarding by allowing us to fail a map but still have modifiers otherwise the game is terrible for low skill players making it a vanilla slog through trash mobs endlessly with a random 1 shot that resets you. At least give us a chance to kill a boss.

Make Map drops better it sucks having to do a T2 that you get near no EXP, No better maps nothing really for your effort just waiting for RNG god to let you get some exp by dropping a higher tier map and hoping that chain keeps up. Probobly easy for meta builds but absolutrly brutal on anyone who wants to just have fun without copying a build guide.

I love the base game but PLEASE let us keep having fun I don't see how it hurts anyone to let us redo maps and still have the modifiers, I don't even mind having to farm the better tier that much just please let us have the ability to fight a boss once in a while even if we don't clear the maps first try every try.

Path of Exile 2 feels like stepping back into the dark, gritty world of Diablo 2, but this time with the perfect glow-up. It’s everything we loved—haunting atmosphere, epic loot, and satisfying combat—reimagined for modern times. The nostalgia hits hard, but it’s paired with fresh mechanics and visuals so good they should drop legendary loot. PoE 2 isn’t just a sequel; it’s a masterclass in reviving childhood dreams.

Great game so far, still needs a lot of work but I believe GGG will provide it.

Played loads of poe1 so I gave poe2 a good play session gotta say some stuff needs work on but felt like they removed all the quality of life from poe1 the game is unplayable for me who relied on predictive mode for networking other then that had a great time

Looks Great

Ha

Great successor to PoE1, Love to rediscover a game with many systems and coming up with interesting builds that i can call my own.
Couch-Coop is fantastic, but requires some patience due to some features missing for Couch-Coop or being bugged. Made it through the campaign and into maps in Couch-Coop and had a fantastic time.

Game is pretty fun and looks good:
It feels like a very nice upgrade to Poe1. The WASD movement controls are a nice change of pace. The dodge roll mechanic makes it feel like it takes high skill to play compared to Poe1, and it feels rewarding to use. 

Alot of things are different: 
The support gems have limitations where you can only have one of each support gem on your entire loadout. When you die in maps all the portals are gone. Even in the campaign, if you die you respawn at a checkpoint, All the loot is gone. So its high skill gets you rewarded and death gets you nothing.

Nerfs are RAMPANT:
I have had to respec my character 3 times after nerfs just to feel faster than a snail's pace in maps. We arn't talking small nerfs either, we are talking about BRICKING entire builds. At my level a respec costs 3-4k gold. I have spent Over 400k gold just on respecs.

I feel like my time isn't being respected:
120 hours into my character and I feel the slap of the nerf mallet every patch. I get this is a beta and we are basically play testing their game for them for free. It would be one thing if it was free for us too.  But this beta test COSTS MONEY to play in.

Different from PoE1 but still fun.

10/10

My account got hacked since I did not have 2 way autentification and then my charecters after 180 hours got robbed all of them .... COOL strory GGG play a game for 180 hours then interact with trade your account is getting hacked and all of your progress is gone for community reasons ... Nice Community GGG other's play the game and some random MF getting the spoils of the hack because why not .... Anyway I don't play aRPG's my cup of tea are different type of games so I take my bad expirience with you people....

wish they kept it simple like before

BEST DIABLO GAME EVER

Still needs a lot of work , but a great start

yes extremly good game

PoE 2 Has nailed it!  The movement changes have been extremely fun, along with the difficulty of content.  You can feel your character getting stronger each level and decisions you make.  I play a lot of ARPG's and PoE 2 is worth paying for to get early access.

Well I have 127/127 achievements in Path of Exile, what else I can give if not "Recommended" ? :)

Only a small addition as a review of the game after leveling 4 chars and conquering the End Game:

So. First of all forget Path of Exile one, it is not this game, it will be less painful this way. Secondly remember that this is Early Access! Game not released, not optimized and not even in half way done. 

If you take this two point into consideration - game already great and have insane potential. Style, Music, Narratives, Classes and abilities, Items and Economy, Endgame. All is great or at least have a solid foundation. Game is slow and require that you "Stay awhile and listen" ( Yes there is a LOT of Diablo references, devs are huge nerds ). Many items or mechanics are overpowered or unbalanced, but that is why it is fun journey of discovery and one of the strongest parts of the game!!! Game will change and grow and in few years you will not believe your eyes, gods just look how first Path of Exile changed over the last 15 years!

As original baker I have my high hopes that GGG delivers and last 15 years proves it. So hop in the hype train friend!

From negatives there is a lot to balance, optimize and fix. But remember, this is an "Early Access", right. Chill and take it lightly, this is how games developed in this era.

I cannot sure you that it will be masterpiece. GGG always do more but less polished. But I can promise an unforgettable and fun journey. I spend last 10 years playing first PoE, have bad leagues and insanely good ones. This is definitely my favorite and most beloved game and devs!

“Before your emperor, you are worthy. Before the Goddess of Justice, you are worthy. Receive our blessings. Embrace our gifts. And rise, ascendant, for this is the ending that we all deserve.” ( Izaro Phrecius )

Much better to just dodge roll through this shit game.


This game is a tedious slog, struggling with an identity crisis as it tries to be Diablo 2, PoE 1, and Dark Souls at once but fails to excel at any of them.

Diablo 4 is dead, All hail the king!

Amazing and refreshing

All good but the developers need to work on optimisation

It's so much fun! I've always been a fan of Souls-like games, and the current difficulty in this game doesn’t offer much room for error. It really forces me to stay focused, and I absolutely love that about it!

It's a masterpiece

I haven't made it to end game yet but even playing casual you can always pick up right where you left off. At first I wasn't a fan of having a PoE 2 mostly due to not wanting to try something new but the challenges so far in the game have made it very rewarding especially when you actually find an upgrade in gear or defeat a hard boss. If you enjoy a Diablo style game this is the game for you.

This game is awesome but, it is constantly crashing. I am going to give it a no recommendation for now and change it when it is fixed. Very frustrating have to restart the game after going to a new location.

It has a bunch of problems, hope they fix some

Level 10 now. Great game. A little challenging but that is what makes it fun. Not easy until you level up and get some gear and skills.

runs like garbage no matter what settings i use and the servers crash all of the time. 


Game is good but ascending is the most stupidest thing ever. Wasting 40 minutes to just die because of some bs mechaninc the boss has.

Got exiled by my wife.

Excellent mix of Diablo and Dark Souls

fun

I just finished the campaign and I am now in endgame, I can say endgame is not for me at this time, I am sure it will be tuned but stay out of it for now.

The Ice and Lightning Monk is absolutely amazing! The different mechanics hit all the right notes for me. Overall, it's just super fun to play!

Diablo 2 2

I am enjoying this amazing game on incredible scale. It truly feels like great action rpg we were waiting for decades.

While it's early access, there's many small flaws which most probably will be addressed with development time.

Despite that, I would not recommend this game for endgame content, as one life rogue like mechanic with incredible amount of absolute nonsense what can instantly kill you, leading you to lose massive amount of gold and farming investment is anger inducing and overbearingly punishing. Yes, some might say skill issues and that's great that some people can enjoy such mechanic. But I believe I'm voicing concern of bigger audience of players which would love this rogue like mechanic and insta-kill garbage to go away. I'm going to leave negative review until this anxious mechanic will be dealt with.

So much fun,respects the players ability and maps are 10/10.

Skill tree is 100000000000000000000000000000/10

Very good game with a ton of potential for future updates. Highly enjoyable in its current state and absolutely worth trying out.

syok

nah def not, check my hours since release bro im a gamer. and i do not recommend this game cus sadly the moderators on it are very troublesome. me and several other ppl were trolling back and forth talking about all the divine orbs we had {obv all fake like read the context GGG}. i stopped blasting for a moment to go into chat and said this exactly, "i have 100 div orbs{not from trade site} what of it?". and within 1 minute was locked out of my account with no timer telling me when it will end. just instant and completely no access to the game or website and no response from their team besides being falsely accused of speaking about RMT in their chat. not only does this "trade site" have nothing to do with RMT, but it is literally a massive part of their game and you can find this "trade site" on GGG's own website pathofexile.com where every player does their trading. was having the best time of my life until this happened so no i dont recommend until further notice. so much for paying $30 to enjoy a game not even out yet and already gone. and i guess if you are enjoying this game right now better not type a single word in global unless you want the ban ham

The game is fun but the targeting is so dog shit it makes we not want to play it until it's fixed.

игра не доделана, но чертовски затягивает  \\

yeah its okay

Started as a Warrior, ended as a walking meme with a 2-handed maul that might as well be a pool noodle. Every swing feels like I’m gently asking enemies if they’d consider dying, and they respond by comboing me into a loading screen. My damage output is so bad, I’m convinced the devs coded in a secret ‘Pity Mode’ where the mobs stop hitting me out of sheer embarrassment.

And don’t even get me started on boss fights. Every one is a 45-minute endurance test where I’m chipping away at their health bar like a toddler with a plastic spoon. I’ve seen glaciers melt faster. I thought Elden Ring was brutal, but at least my stick had some fight in it. Here, my maul feels like it came pre-cursed by the gods of Path of Exile 2 themselves.

It’s so bad, I started praying mid-fight. Not for a crit—oh no, that’s a pipe dream. I’m praying for the boss to get bored and just fall over. At this point, my only real weapon is pure spite. 10/10 absolute rage-fueled comedy—would recommend if you want to laugh, cry, and question every life choice you’ve ever made.

it's ok

Awesome Game <3

Best ARPG ever

I never played PoE1 and come from a long history with all the Diablo games. I think this game is a fun ARPG and is only going to get better as it develops more. I still have no idea what I'm doing, but I am having fun. If you're coming from the D2/3/4 background like I am, expect a learning curve. But it isn't a bad one. Thanks to my friend STACK BUNDLES for getting me into this.

Game

Fuck sanctum

when mirror

h

Played roughly 200 hours of POE2 initally i loved it, then the lag started to happen and I decided to restart my modem/Router.. BIG MISTAKE. This re-instanced me in the steam client for POE2 and inevitably bricked my internet only when i tried to access POE2 through the steam client. I have contacted my internet service provider re ran the specs and reboots again, everything is working as intended and should run the game flawlessly. This is steam/client issue with POE2 and GGG will not respond to me or others about the issues. Effectively since this has happened to me and many others we cannot play their game at all. Waste of money and time and the company does not care to respond to it. -10/10.

Lacks fishing

olo

gud gam

TRASH

I have never played PoE 1, but I have put many hours into all Diablo games. I feel like this is what Diablo IV should have been. Good job developers!

I have no life

Amazing Diabloesque game. Crunchy combat and sound, huge build variety and a beautiful world to explore. All this for a very fair price. If you want to support the developer there are some nice cosmetics available.

I love the game, but it crashes and completely freezes my PC every time I play it.  Whenever it loads it just freezes and leaves my forced to do a hard reset. I know it's early access, but this is a major flaw and I have to say that I fear for my pc health due to it.

I played the OG Diablo, its expansion Hellfire, Diablo II, and its expansion LoD a ton back in the day. Thousands of hours. I replayed DII: LoD so many times and bought the games probably 5-6 times because I kept losing either the discs or my CD key on the case. I enjoyed D3 and also D4, but they just didn't capture that joy that I had with DI and DII, maybe I had changed, but I don't think that's the case because I love PoE2. I have poured a lot of time into it and really look forward to the full release because if it's just a continuation of the current early stuff then I'll love it. 

I think that Blizzard just screwed with the formula too much in D3 and D4. Items just drop way too much, makes it feel like Borderlands and things don't really feel special when you get them. In D2, items were truly legendary when you got them, builds we so cool. When I got a solid % Windforce, I felt like a real badass, or when I built some solid runewords from getting just the right socketed item, it felt so great. 

PoE2 manages to do that as well. There is a TON of passive on that tree, but they're just the passives, the skills are not TOO many although there is a lot of variation with the support gems. A system D3 tried to do with skill runes but I feel that PoE2 pulls it off much better. And of course, the general atmosphere of the game is flawless. I loved the D2 Resurrected version as it make the game look like I remember it looked in my head, but D3 just didn't pull that off at all and while D4 tried and came a lot closer, PoE2 really feels like the real sequel to DII: LoD.

57 hours in, fantastic game. I haven't played PoE1, but this one has held my interest flawlessly.

D4 bad

Great game so far. been loving the itemization and skill progression. story line and game play are great as well. highly recommend!

i cant see anything

The dopamine rust of deleting everything off your screen is unparalleled.

The stupid big maps are one of the most annoying things about this game.

It is hard, but managable

GOATED GAME!!!!!!!

Epic

 Honesty I'm 33 years old and have been playing games since CS 1.4, Doom, D1 and this has been one of my favorite games I've ever played it feels more like diablo than the last two installments to the game could ever dream of being. I might be biased being raised on d1 and d2 but this is 100000000% top tier game.

Amazing for such an early state, the bosses are my favorite part of the game by far. 
Some of the things from the first game were kept, such as the huge skill tree and the bullshit trading system, but if you're looking for classic POE you're gonna have a bad time, it's a whole different game and I'm really hyped to see where they're going with it.

Works as described, but better.

Very good and addictive! Recommend. This launched in a better state than other "complete" games.

Overall Path OF Exile 2 in early access has a great foundation

...somone cooked here

ใส่Effect on Deathมาทำหอกอะไร ใครเป็นคนคิด เปรต

I played poe1 for a little, never even beat the campaign with one character but was hooked, unfortunately life got in the way and couldn't continue, when this came out i was super hyped to try it out, and it feels way more difficult but love it for that.  It feels like an arpg with soulslike elements which for me is a good time.

Good as they say! A few crashes, but it's EA so it's cool for now -- no progress gets lost and you get can right back in within a minute.

I love POE2. But I currently can't recommend this to anyone in its current state.

Unexpected disconnections every 15 mins, game crashes every 15 mins. We get halfway through trials, and the game either disconnects or crashes. And I'm going to make this point:

I appreciate and applaud the game developers for their openness to feedback. But let's stop making the excuse for early access. Hades 2 NEVER crashes like this. Baulders Gate 3 never crashed like this. Let's just call it what it is - broken. And until it's not broken, I'm sorry - as good as it is right now, I just can't recommend it until it gets fixed.

Better and more accessible for new player !

Okay after a couple of hours since release, I guess I can say this a pretty good ARPG.

I've just finished the first chapter, and the story is pretty good. I really enjoyed the feeling of finally defeating the boss after struggling through it multiple times!

Fun

Brilliant game, even at early access. Can't wait for full endgame and another classes! <3

70 to 5000 ms

Zero crashes as of about 14 hours in, no technical issues, all promised/paid for items received.

With that out of the way, this game is fantastic. It feels like I m playing old school Diablo, everywhere Blizzard missed the mark on 3 & 4 POE 2 has delivered so far. Even as an EA title it has impressed beyond all my expectations.

For anyone disappointed in the modern Diablo releases and looking for an ARPG with an old school Diablo feel with deep build customization, this game is for you.

good

A good successor to poe 1, different enough to be it's own game and attract different players but has the core of what makes the game still present.

2025 Game of the Year

Server is trash
optimization is trash
gear system is trash
endgame is trash
campaign is trash: too long too tedious, and you have to play through this shit every single character every league lmao
melee is trash: copium melee will be fixed in poe3
crafting is not trash because it simply does not exist in POE2, the current system is just vaal with extra steps
ascending is trash: whoever put this in the game and the executives that approved this need to record a video of titan clear trial 4
build variety is bad (maybe they can fix this shit in a year by adding more gems and classes
defense is trash: the only working defense layer is es stacking, armor does not do anything against heavy hitting and armor is getting crushed by monsters, damage shifting currently only appear on certain class or specific unique. 
Atlas/invitation is trash: POE1 system is just better. Player have better control of what content they want to farm and what difficulty they want to be in. In POE2 you are forced to engage in activities that you do not like. 
bossing is trash: you have to pay insane amount of currency to get 1 attempt at the boss. Like bruh????? Do you people really play the game you make? And the reward is not even attractive! You are forcing yourself to do it just to get the fucking atlas point. And to do what? farm the content that you are already farming! Holy that is some next level brainrot design.
One portal per map needs to go. Whoever designed this need to be fired. You tried to copy LE we get it, you failed let's move on.



it's like they have learned nothing in POE1. Pretty much every single aspect of the game that they want to "fix" only got worse. On death effect still exist, Magic find still exist (they literally just nerfed this shit in POE1), Crafting which is one of the unique part of POE is gone in POE2. The drop rates for league specific crafting mats are incredibly low. And there is no harvest reforge which I think is the best crafting system in POE1. 

The only right thing they did in POE2 is just better graphics and animation. I think the art team did a great job on the despite a lot of visual clarity issues. The concerning problem is the flaw and arrogance in core game design. I do not know why Jonathan is so eager to fight against players. In GGG's "vision", everything needs to have a "friction“ and "weight" which their sole purpose is to annoy player or slow them down. Like come on dude, we are here to kill monsters and get loot, not to suffer. If people want that, they can go play souls like. Those game have way better graphics better combat better story. And the most important part is that it is a one time experience for most of the players. ARPG in general is more about being replayable in the long term. But in POE2, they put so many frustration and bullshit to punish the player for just playing the game. Like why do you put on death effect in POE2, players already complained about this a lot in POE1, and you arrogant still put those in the game and made them 10x worse by limiting player movement and close to none visual clarity. Why do you make people go through such a long hall way, wait for elevator, wait for the door to open in trial of chaos? Why do you make the campaign zone this big with literally nothing interesting in it? Why do you make some boss entrance 10 second long? There are a lot more small things like this in POE2 just to slow players down for no reason. Meanwhile the developers in the office are like: HAH we got'em! No, fuck you and your "friction". People are here to play the game and have fun, not to be educated or punished like a moron.

I do think the game have a potential, but the current state of the game and the design philosophy behind many system is at a really bad place. I hope Jonathan changes his mind after seeing those negative feedback across different platforms. Don't try to reinvent the wheel, you are not that guy pal. Every change you made literally made POE2 worse than POE1.

HOLLY SHIT.

It's going to be fun to see how this game ends up turning out. Having a blast, just messing around.

first game of this genre and its peak

Loving this release. Thank you once again GGG!

Guys, if you're having trouble figuring things out, definitely check out a guide. I feel like POE2 isn’t as difficult as POE1. If you follow a good starter build, your leveling experience will be a lot of fun!

Good

From the perspective of a casual ARPG player I can easily say that this is one of the best early access games I've bought.

In the past I have played part of Diablo 2 all of Diablo 3 and very briefly tried PoE 1 in 2013 back when it was in beta. I’ve never been one to get deep into the end game and play them more for getting through the campaign and leveling up. I had heard that over the years the first game became something that people really fell in love with. So I was interested to see how 2 would evolve.

Needless to say this really is just as fun as early previews/reviews mentioned. After about 50 hours I got through the 3 currently available Acts with 1 class and now have the harder NG+ to get through as well as the endgame. But I am also left with the desire to play through with a different class to see what that is like.

I think the thing that sets this game apart from other ARPGs is the ability to dodge roll no matter the class with no limitations like stamina. This alone makes it so enemies and bosses can be designed around needing to have good timing and positioning which for some Veteran ARPG players probably takes some getting used to. But overall I think it succeeds in making the combat feel satisfying and also provides a good challenge even on standard.

When it comes to developer communication they have been doing great thus far. From being constant and quick with the day 1 launch issues, to now addressing concerns and upcoming changes. They very clearly want to please the player base both from a hardcore and casual perspective and care a lot about the game.

As it stands I think there is more than enough content currently in the game to justify the early access price. Especially if you play with friends!

Game's fun.Not yet sure about the end-game but campaign and progression has that thing to it that hooks me.

The Monk is absolutely amazing! One swing and you hit everything, the impact feels so satisfying!

Kinda fun game I guess.

Only 11 hours in, and I can't stop thinking about this game. 11 hours of confusing landscape, skill tree hell, dying one shot to abominations, being chased by wolves and the un-dead, while listening to never-ending stories told by NPCs.  I love it.  Would recommend 10/10.

Still EA and literally has more content than D4

A lot of challenge but a lot of fun.

Bad optimisation, not recommended to new players

kinda like diablo but good

Solid customization and combat. Fun and challenging

yees

First time ever playing an ARPG and it is some of the most fun I've ever had. The boss fights are the highlights of this game and the class freedom are very well done.

Game freezes uncommonly at loading screens forcing an entire system reboot

These recent update announcements made it impossible for me to resist buying the game. It's clear that GGG really cares about the player experience.

I'm CIA Double agent. I take cops Badges. What is this place anyways? 

You didn’t follow proto buddy, you’re done.

Absolutely amazing game already. Super excited to see how they refine and polish it through the coming years.

game was fun while it lasted. devs are stripping the game from half their playerbase who purchased early access. dogshit.

This Early Access (EA) has been a really fun experience as  a new POE fan. The hard crashing is definitely a 0/10, but it has been minimized right before the holiday season. I find myself trying so many different builds on different characters. The cross progression on PS5 has also been very fun to jump in and out of. Multiplayer with my brother has been a real blast. I cannot wait to try out further content and await the full release next year. I cannot recommend this EA enough!

Maybe a bit of a unpopular opinion but this games a massive step backwards from PoE 1. The leveling and boss fights are great but the second you get to endgame its a frustrating experience. So many dumb decisions hold this game back from being the perfect ARPG.

Pros:
Looks good
Campaign is fun
Boss fights

Cons:
Loot sucks
One shots
1 death per map
Bugs out the ass (tbf its EA)
STILL NO IN GAME AH. Have to use their shitty trade site.

At the moment this games a turd wrapped in gold.



Path of Exile 2: A Disappointing Grind (Early Access Review)

Path of Exile 2 held the promise of a revitalized ARPG experience, but in its current early access state, it feels like a frustrating and unrewarding grind marred by questionable design choices. As a long-time Path of Exile fan, I'm deeply concerned about the direction POE2 is taking.

The Good:

Visuals and Polish: The game looks fantastic, and the overall presentation is a significant step up from its predecessor.

Campaign and Early Mapping: The campaign and early mapping experience is enjoyable, offering a decent variety of builds and engaging encounters.

The Bad:

Armor is Useless: Armor is incredibly ineffective against high-level content. Even with maximum investment, you'll be one-shotted constantly, forcing reliance on the frustrating dodge roll mechanic. This issue, combined with the prevalence of armor-breaking effects, renders armor-stacking builds completely unviable.

Dodge Roll-Centric Gameplay: The entire endgame is balanced around the dodge roll, leading to repetitive and uninspired gameplay that demands pixel-perfect precision.

Punishing Difficulty: The game is difficult, and death is excessively punishing. Losing a map, experience, and significant progress due to a single mistake feels incredibly unfair.

Tedious Maps: Maps are too large, visually cluttered, and often require navigating through frustrating chokepoints. Boss encounters are buried within these tedious maps, adding unnecessary grind.

Worthless Low-Level Content: Low-level maps offer no meaningful rewards, making them completely pointless. This forces players to constantly engage with the frustrating high-level content.

Questionable Gem System: The new gem system hinders character progression and contributes to early game balance issues.

Frustrating Ascendancy System: The ascendancy system is locked behind RNG-heavy encounters, making it unnecessarily difficult to experiment with different builds.

Limited Build Diversity: While early game offers build diversity, the endgame funnels players into specific builds that can survive the brutal one-shots.

The Ugly:

Trading Trivializes Progression: The ability to trade for high-level gems and gear completely trivializes the progression system, allowing players to bypass the core challenges of the game.

Balance Issues: The game suffers from significant balance issues, particularly with armor, damage scaling, and the spirit system.

Overall:

Path of Exile 2, in its current early access state, is a disappointment. It feels like a missed opportunity to improve upon the foundation of Path of Exile.  The game is plagued by questionable design choices, brutal difficulty spikes, and a lack of meaningful progression. 

Recommendation:

Wait for substantial updates and reworks before purchasing. In its current state, Path of Exile 2 is not worth the frustration.

Path

very hard, very good. go fast eat a**

amazing

This game is trash, playing with a group is complete and utter crap. Trying to fight the boss and get downed good luck getting res'ed by your teammates, they get hit, it restarts the timer and no way the boss stays away long enough to get that teammate back up. The trials are complete garbage, dumpster fire dosent even begin to describe it. This honor crap needs to be removed. Everytime you take a hit you lose a lot, even with the relics that you add for help. So this all need to be fixed and removed or this game and get deleted

perfect game.
fix lag please

like d4 but good and fun

Game is shit. it makes you play the game in 1 way and that's it, If you try to make your own build and have fun you will be soft locked and get your ass kicked by act 3. it all a waste of time, Don't give them your money or time.

great game better then diablo

Do you like ARPGs?
Have you been craving something most closely akin to Diablo 2 but modernized?
Are you able to stomach some really dumb shortcomings and flaws that have been addressed in other games but forgotten (for now) in this one?
If yes to the above, play this it's good!! EA means it's still cooking, and it needs to cook, but it's already pretty damn delicious!

Fun for now

THIS IS THE GREATEST GAME EVER MADE ALSO............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................. CHECK OUT SteadfastGod on YouTube and all other social media platforms :-)

good stuff

I haven't played or been the biggest fan of ARPG's in the past but my friend and I bought the game about a week ago and are having a blast with this game! I would heavily recommend to anyone who loves to try out a new game with some friends because it's multiplayer works really well.

In love with this game rn i was most excited about kingdom come deliverance 2 but this dropped and my life is changed early game is slow and hard but end game is satisfying seeing all your hard work pay off deleting mobs only downside is the windows 11 24h2 issue it caused my pc to freeze and lose alot of map waystones eventually it glitch my whole system up no games were playable had to factory reset erase everything and reinstall windows hoping this doesnt happen again pleaseee take a break from nerfing builds and fix this hugeeee issue then this will be a 10/10 game cant wait for full release

There are plenty of in depth reviews of this game inside & out; Straight out of early access, no less. It scratches the same dungeon crawling itch as Diablo II, but Path of Exile 2 has so much more of a free play style to it, it's refreshing. There exists a plethora of build guides, that are fantastic places for a beginner to start, but it is hard for me to say if there is any kind of true meta to this game. I cannot wait to see how much more there is to come!

Path of Exile 2 is a gorgeous game with some great build variety early on, but it is held back by frustrating design choices and outdated systems. Loot is mostly junk, and meaningful upgrades feel like rare accidents. Trading is an absolute chore. Instead of a streamlined system like an auction house, you are stuck searching trade sites, whispering players one by one, and hoping they respond. It is tedious and wastes time that could be spent actually playing.

The endgame is another disappointment. Once you finish the campaign, it is just maps. Over and over. The content feels repetitive, and without variety or engaging progression, you can burn out on it in under two weeks unless you want to grind endlessly for minor improvements.

The game also loves to slow you down in ways that feel more frustrating than challenging. On-death effects like explosions punish you for killing a boss by blowing you up when you go to grab loot. It is not clever; it is just annoying.

Co-op, which should be a highlight, is riddled with issues. Bugs often leave players stuck behind while their friends move ahead, and instead of being able to port to them, you are forced to fight through mobs that are scaled for the whole group. These enemies hit hard and are far from solo-friendly, making it an absolute slog to catch up. Even when you are together, the screen becomes so visually cluttered that it is impossible to tell what is safe and what is dangerous.

While the early-game build variety is fantastic, the endgame punishes anything outside of meta builds designed for screen-clearing efficiency. The creativity and experimentation that make the early game fun completely disappear, and you are left grinding the same content with the same cookie-cutter builds.

There are so many lessons that should have been learned from the first Path of Exile and even the early struggles of Diablo 4, but somehow they went ignored. The fact that the game was launched into early access in this state does not inspire confidence that updates will fix it enough to make it enjoyable.

The lack of quality-of-life features and polish already makes it hard to imagine coming back, even after updates. At this point, I might just chalk it up to a loss. It demands a ton of your time but does not give nearly enough in return.

I like men now

path of crack

pretty good for early release

Seems like a good continuation of the first game

Awesome game

Best ARPG ever

This game even though has some performance issues at times, is very fun to play along with friends, the boss fights are fun and makes you think your next action rather than just spam your most powerful attack and boom. Overall a good game.

Path of Exile 2: A Tale of Two Experiences (Early Access Review)

Path of Exile 2 in its early access form delivers an engaging and innovative experience, especially during its campaign. The slower-paced, tactical combat shines with its emphasis on chaining skill combos, making each encounter feel deliberate and rewarding. It’s a refreshing change of pace, encouraging experimentation and strategic thinking, which I thoroughly enjoyed.

However, the game undergoes a significant shift in the endgame. The intricate combos that define the campaign are largely abandoned in favor of fast-paced, high-damage, clear-speed-focused skills. This transition feels jarring, as the endgame philosophy diverges from what the campaign teaches you. The tactical, deliberate playstyle gives way to a more chaotic approach, which may alienate players who fall in love with the campaign’s rhythm.

Crafting, another hallmark of Path of Exile’s identity, also feels underwhelming in its current state. With exalted orbs dropping sparingly, crafting your own equipment is often overshadowed by the convenience of trading for what you need. While trading has always been integral to the Path of Exile experience, the diminished rewards of crafting leave a gap for those who enjoy creating custom gear.

It’s important to note that this review reflects the early access state of Path of Exile 2, and changes are likely as the game continues to evolve. Balancing the campaign and endgame experience, as well as refining the crafting system, could significantly enhance the overall experience. For now, the campaign is a tactical joy, but the endgame leaves room for improvement.

If you’re diving in early, expect a captivating journey and some bumps on the road to the endgame. Time will tell if Path of Exile 2 can truly harmonize its parts into a cohesive whole.

this game is so god damn mother fucking fun

D2 meets souls, love it!!

เกมมันสนุกเกินนนนน ว่าภาค 1 ดีมากแล้ว ภาค 2 คือดีกว่า
ไม่ต้องรอออก early access หรอก เกมดีขนาดนี้จ่ายๆไปเถอะ สนับสนุนผู้พัฒนา ให้เขามีกำไรบ้าง

Would refund if I could I have tried to enjoy this game but after almost 80 hours the game is terrible

Better then D4

this game is addictive af 10/10

Better then D3!

Best ARPG out there at the moment.

I can't wait for this to be fully released with all the refinements and tweaks that their early access is striving for.

eu nao consigo, eu nao consigo, eu nao consigo PARA DE JOGAR ESSA MARAVILHA PQP

Best Arpg Since Diablo 2 and Poe1. 10/10 recommend if you enjoy games that make you grind for upgrades. Trading is always an option if your finding Currency items and want to do it that way.

Need lots of fixing and balance tweaking 

The trails need to be removed ASAP

After an update of both this game and windows, every loading screen (happens ALL the time). Now causes crashes. This game is amazing and I legit enjoy it, but this has now made the game unplayable. Basic things such as going to camp throttle the cpu and crash the entire pc. The issue is that this only happens on this game, every step possible has been used to single the problem out. It has been concluded that this game will literally freeze your entire computer every attempt to load and they are on holiday now. Please fix the game.

very gud

i played champions of norrath/dark alliance as a kid, now i play this because im an adult. good stuff. if you want top down hack and slash looter booter or to put your head through a wall, this is perfect. 10/10

yes

Game is great with some issues that'll hopefully be resolved by its full release like the random freezes in breach and losing waystones/map bonuses on death

I want to recommend this game so badly. It has so many amazing things going for it, it's fun, the build paths are amazing, the boss fights are hard, I could go on and on. Unfortunately the game doesn't function. There are tons of people freezing and taking 10+ minutes to load a map, there are loading screens when you open the world map AND when you close it, the game freezes every time an enemy pops in after waiting 10min to load into the map. The game is unplayable for several players atm and I will be dropping it until fixed, and if it doesn't get fixed then I got my moneys worth at least.

21 hours in and a great game loving it so far.  Well worth the 59.99 early access supporter pack.

Fun Game so far .. will only get better  ,,

Dark and gritty, and deeply satisfying.

GG

Huge improvement over PoE1. They added WASD controls and dodge rolls. Skill and support gem crafting and menus make it much easier to plan out in advance and play how you want.  Really amazing tooltips, I haven't had the need to open an external wiki yet. Graphics are great and the overall presentation is well done. Solid movement and controls.

So far this is everything I'm looking for an a top-down style ARPG.

Early Access Warning (12/24): this game in its current state has some crazy bugs:
- Random game crashes.
- Random game resets where I just find myself in the main menu.
- Screen freezes but game keeps playing and I can only hear what I'm doing.
- I had two mobs glitch out and kept coming back to life no matter how many times I killed them. No it wasn't a random modifier, buff, enchantment, etc.

I've had one game breaking bug on average once an hour. This game is suppose to be free eventually, so maybe wait? The bugs can get frustrating, especially when it happens during boss fights.

Hi

If you enjoy Diablo, this is Diablo on all the steroids of the universe

Game crashes too often, lost so many green items that I could not pick up so i would port to town and offload and game crashes. My PC is robust 4080 13th gen i7. Game is just trash

Purchased it and can't even play it because it crashes at the main menu. Makes my CPU go up to 100% and crashes.

Great game so much fun

very gud

pure joy. I am not a hard core player but having so much fun. i don't have the patience to develop a character from scratch, I do follow a character created by someone that has the time and inclination to work that stuff out. me, I just love playing the game and being able to win the encounters with still some challenge involved. honestly if the skill tree and such intimidates you? don't let it. it's a part of the game that is there to challenge the hard core players and they deserve to have it.... this is the best of both worlds. sooooo much fun.

Great ARPG period.

yes grind good

Why are we gender locking classes in 2024.

:)

Gold standard of games.

POE2s lips made a full seal around my member, and yet to release.

i got a pet rock

my best friend named him gerald

gerald is the best

this game is great

great game to play and not the easiest but not the hardest game

As mentioned by others, I am running AMD Ryzen X3D CPU and Nvidia RTX GPU, there's a high chance that my PC completely freezes when the game is loading any map. The issue has not even been acknowledged by the devs at the time of writing.

game good

Diablo 4.....Who!!?

At this stage, anything said can be "it's in pre-release so they will fix it" but here goes.  Game play can be summed up as a Diablo clone where all combat is to AoE large blocks of enemies. rinse, repeat.  The combat feels clunky and sluggish causing the game to play slow at times compared to a D3 or The Ascent.  It has nice graphics but isn't beautiful like say The Ascent which was visually stunning. They tried to create interesting boss fights but they were less fun challenge are more tedious HP sponges plus random ground AoE.  The trials are extremely repetitive, long and boring.  The campaign story is very basic and I got to the point where I just started skipping dialogue as I stopped caring.  I really did try to like it as I heard so much about the original PoE and gave it every chance in the world but ultimately, it's not for me.

This game, at first, seemed like a breath of fresh air from the shit-show Diablo 4's end game is. Only for me to realize, fairly quickly, that this does not scratch the same itch. Combat feels sluggish, sloppy, and slow. Bosses are the squishiest I have ever seen, and its UI is the most confusing I have ever seen in any game I have played. It lacks the tutorials needed for new players, and fully expects you to completely understand what is happening after you reach the first town.

I will be letting this simmer, and I will probably give it a few more tries to understand the game as a whole, because i REALLY want to enjoy this. And if not, Ill give it another go on release.

I do not recommend this if it is your first time playing PoE, as it is mine. Seems tailored to people who have played the first one.

great game, great fun, intense depth

This is already a great game that is better than the vast majority of ARPGs out there. It needs some balancing and system tweaks throughout the early access period, but with the developer's great track record, I have every bit of confidence that this will become the king of the modern ARPG.

.

So far very good. Didn't play too much poe1 but played a ton of d4, and is soooooo much better. Only main complaint is had to swap to dx11 to stop full pc crashes, but other than that very good.

good

GOAT

Welp i'm addicted

How a early access game gon come out in a better state than some full aaa games? Has its issues but is a solid fun game and will probably just get better.

wait till F2P

not yet

great game

The game is unplayable with lagspikes and stuttering on my setup anyway. It was fine at launch now its a mess. I tried 2 different servers, my latency is under 100. No idea why its suddenly awful.

NOTE: My time played is about 2x the amount of actual time I've spent playing the game, as I have it open in the background or paused often throughout my time playing.
-Huge amount of content for an EA game.

PROS:
-Absolutely beautiful graphics.
-Game mechanics are not hidden behind randomness. For example, in PoE 1, many vendors had "secret recipes", which only led to everyone looking up the information on the wiki. Information being gatekept in such a way was bad and removing it from PoE 2 is a good thing. They've removed portal scrolls and just given you the ability to warp at any time back to town, for example. 
-They straight-up added a currency exchange that players use to trade with other players automatically. Simply put your buy/sell order up with the NPC that has this option and it will work by itself.
-Trading is as easy as ever, although sometimes it also feels like it's simply a better option than working with the drops you have to make a good item. 
-Boss fights throughout the story mode are fun and engaging. I felt accomplished when beating most of them.
-It feels like you have way more access to stronger builds, as skill gems have been removed from equipment and simply given their own system/tab. You now add skills to your open slots and add "support gems" to those skills to amplify them in various ways. Creating different builds is WAY more accessible with this new system, in my opinion.
-The developers porting basically everything you bought in PoE 1 to PoE 2 for free is a chad move. There are several cosmetics from PoE 1 which aren't added at this time, but the indication is that they will be later. However, all of my stash tabs that I had purchased in PoE 1 were there for me in PoE 2 on Day 1.

CONS (NOTE: A lot of these were talked about during the developers' latest Steam post. We'll see if these improve.)
-Dodge roll mechanic is clunky at best and un-usable at worst.
-Post-death effects on monsters, which have the potential to one-shot a lot of characters, is not good game design. There's one thing to be said for learning monster affixes, etc., but it is not fun for my first instinct to be to wait 5 seconds after killing an Elite to ensure it doesn't explode a few seconds after dying.
-Maps feel like they are 25-33% too big throughout the game. There are checkpoints throughout the "story", but no checkpoints when you are doing endgame mapping. Having to backtrack across an already oversized map without the ability to simply quick-jump to a checkpoint feels ..bad. To be honest, the big maps wouldn't be that big of a deal to me personally if they added the ability to warp to checkpoints you've unlocked for that map.
-Map design for endgame mapping is stale and feels underdeveloped. For a lot of the maps, there just doesn't feel like a lot of personality to it compared to the endgame mapping in PoE 1. I am hoping this improves throughout EA.

TL;DR: Good game with a lot of content available which needs more polish throughout Early Access.

Looks good / feels good - Great ARPG

Decent game but I would wait for full release to play it for free with all of the content. Right now there isn't much to do. Act 1 is a 10/10, the others are weaker but still good. May be fine to purchase Early Access if 4-6 meet the standard.

Diablo meets Dark souls in the most literal way. Not for casuals but once you get going its a blast.

its good


This game shits on D4 for days

Failed to load instance is the only thing currently giving a headache

Diablo's, older, much cooler big brother. First ARPG where i feel challenged and excited to hop back on day after day. 10/10 would waste 80 hours in a week and a half again

[h3]Do I love this game?[/h3]
Short answer: Yes

Long answer: Yes, I very much do

It is a good game

This is a beta and has a lot of work that needs to be done. If you are not used to playing betas do not spend the money to play beta. Wait for 6 -12 months and see where the game is at in development.

The crazy latency jumping all over the place makes the game unplayable in its current state and even if you choose a location with low latency the game still lags horribly

i like the game its fun but i feel like the skill could be a little bigger

Until end game the game was nice and challenging. I died to the act 1 boss like 20 times, and felt such a rush of achievement when I beat him. I felt like I was learning every loss, and now I KNOW his routines. This game was SO good.

Then I had to get my last ascendancy points in end game. I can't waste my limited free time every single night hoping rng is on my side. Full honor resist relics, and a balance patch; one rare mob gets some hits on me BAM, end of the run two rooms away from the third boss in the trail. All progress. Gone. Not challenging, just a waste of time. I'm level 71 and the trial is 61, and I can melt the bosses in 20 seconds. Make this make sense.

I'll come back if they change the Sek trial to... you know... use your actual life resources like the rest of the game does, and doesn't expect you to play the game completely differently.

(Also the crafting system is just rng, feels like making artifacts in a Gacha Game, but worse odds and rolls.)

Best feeling combat in any arpg I've ever played though. I really hope they do some major fixes on end game progression. And maybe look at the crafting system in LE for some inspiration. I just stopped having fun IMMEDIATELY.

too bugged still unfortunately

campaign solo self founds felt like diablo with fromsoft level bosses, endgame is giving that endless blizzardy grind with lite mmo elements. love the game, excited to see where it goes!

unplayable, the lag spikes are really bad, I can't progress anymore keep dying on one of the bosses of act 2.

Fuck it imma crashed out! Yall mother fuckers need to fix that bullshit pc crashed when you beat the sekhams boss to get ascend. It's fucking bullshit and need to be fixed assholes.

This game feels like the dark souls of ARPG, while it is very much a grind as almost 100 hours in(with work etc..) im just now doing Tier 2 Mapping end game with one character. The class balance does seem very very off but it is pretty much a solo/coop game so as long as youre killing things and having fun it doesnt matter to much.

Game worked perfectly fine first day i played, then the next day and past week, i have not been able to play at all. Game crashes before its even loaded up, it crashes on loading screens, it crashes when i finally load in and try to open any menu, and it also crashes when i try to travel. fix this game i want to play

Quit because of constant pc crashes. Only game that does this.

yo beat da game bruh. 
fam gang dis is it.

it's okay game

Early access review: Written during Patch 0.1.0e, will update this over time as the game is patched and leagues are announced. Currently we're all playing standard during EA, lots of nerfs and buffs to come.

[h1]A Natural Evolution to Path of Exile 1[/h1]

[h2][b]The Good[/b][/h2]
[b]Graphics, Visual, Game Environments[/b]
GGG absolutely nailed this one. The character animations, movement all feels lightyears ahead of where PoE 1 left off. There's a specific feeling that is tough to describe that really lets you feel the character you're playing as. The aggressive speed of getting bow shots off with the Deadeye, the impact from a strike with a monk, and the recoil of something like a grenade launcher. It all plays together so well to give each weapon type a uniqueness.

The environment and music of this game are beautiful. Act 3 especially had me wandering the tilesets to see all the little details and the beautiful color choices that signify the Vaal. The added cutscenes between acts help build and establish the world and truly give you the feeling like you're an exile within this world.

[b]Game Speed, Pace, and Difficulty[/b]
These all receive top marks with some caveats, we'll get into them in the categories below. If you went into this game, or are going in expecting to blast through maps as fast as PoE, then you're going to be disappointed. But don't let that deter you. Yes you won't be running around, character model filling the screen finishing maps in 30 seconds, but the pacing feels wonderful for what's available at end-game mapping. Density gets better as you progress through the tiers.

Game pace and difficulty. I LOVED the difficulty of the campaign for your first character. I will say that I believe some of that difficulty is purely due to certain dev decisions, like not allowing you to level your gems and abilities beyond specific levels due to how gemcutting is gated behind zone levels. Your first character will probably take some time to get through campaign and to gear. Once you've made it into end-game, alts will be much easier to level and faster too, but on initial impression, the game was challening, bosses felt amazing to learn and then defeat.

[h2][b]The Alrights[/b][/h2]
[b]Itemization and Crafting[/b]
I don't miss the days of running between my crafting bench, slamming, reusing the crafting bench to remove mods, and block prefix/suffix. What a hassle, but I do miss the ability to at least place one selected mod within a range that I want. Even if the tiers are low, this at least helps with some of the itemization issues people face during their campaign playthrough. 

Slamming with exalts really loses it's luster when you have a fairly decent potential upgrade and you slam and get +30 accuracy. You can rain down exalts on the player base, but with no options to really control the craft, you leave it up to dumb luck, and the weightings for good mods aren't very likely to hit. 

Of course, the loot chase, the perfect items, chase items, these are all core to the ARPG experience, but I wish there were options to play around in that middle tiering of gear before you start to finalize and min-max for farming or pinnacles. 

[b]Weapon Bases[/b]
Just putting this down, but as of this writing we are missing swords, claws, flails, primals and axes, so itemization is a bit on the lower end for weapons. Expect updates to this review as new classes and weapons are released.

fun and challenging

bought the wrong crab cosmetic

Just incredible. What Diablo wishes it was. 

There is an element of difficulty that is refreshing on all levels.

Looks beautiful 

Go buy

Make sure to upgrade to a higher-level set of gear at least every 10 levels, or else you’ll have a really tough time!

All I got to say is it's F(^$ing GREAT.

Yup

i got disconnected so many times when trying to do maps. i lost 5 tier 14s already. and the fact that its so frustrating to farm higher level maps with just 1 life just to get disconnected.

We want ARPG, not dark soul

GOOD GAME

ITS GOOD TRY IT LOL


I really enjoy the boss fights. You have to stay focused, constantly watching the boss's movements and be ready to dodge by pressing space at any moment. I feel like it's a great workout for my reflexes!

it's much less of a spreadsheet simulator than the last one.

Have to close the game every time honestly regretting my purchase please optimize the game

Didn't like the first poe, but I'm having fun with this. I don't feel like I have to spend TOO much time watching youtube vids and PRO GAMER BUILDS.  Dodge go brrrrr

drochilnia

Extremely fun Arpg, i would definitely recommend playing but, not until they fix the glaring issues with optimization that is causing a lot of PCs to run with a high CPU usage and even cause them to crash for seemingly unknown reasons and freeze entire set-ups regardless of how new/old the PCs are. 

Something is very wrong if there is a lot of people having the same issue.

Having leveled two characters to maps and reached the tier XV maps, I now feel qualified to write this review.

Path of Exile 2 is not worth your time as of right now.

The story is lackluster and only serves to carry you through the acts of the game.
The memorable characters can be counted on one hand.

The gameplay is typical of an ARPG and is the same as PoE 1.
The difficulty is done badly. Most of your character power comes from your equipment. The huge skill tree is useless if you don't get lucky with your gear. If you think that shouldn't be a problem, you should also know that the droprates are absolutely horrendous. People will increase their drop rate by 100% and that's barely tolerable, if you get a godly 400% drop rate increase you might finally see the drop rate you would expect.
Never once have I gotten a unique that is worth anything (including tier XV map farming). All the gear I have ever used I have either made, gambled for, or bought from other people for exorbitant amounts of money.
Oh, by the way, the market became absolute ass with sky-high prices within days of release. I think you can expect the same thing to happen every time a new league launches. This makes it impossible to buy build-enabling uniques, as the price immediately skyrockets as soon as a build is released or updated.
So, either you don't have good gear and everything is unimaginably hard, or you have good gear and everything dies in an instant.

The map design is dull and forgettable. Everything is a giant maze filled with mob packs, a few secret stashes and like 3(?) hidden bosses.

The endgame, which you reach after beating the game twice and being forced to go through the same old giant mazes again, consists of endlessly clearing maps to get more currency and buy better gear, all of which will be forgotten forever in an early access standard league that is separate from the normal standard leagues.
There is simply no motivation to keep farming in the endgame.
There is also very little motivation to level a new character to maps, because that would mean clearing the boring giant maze maps again... TWICE.
You might ask why, if I dislike the idea of levelling a second character, did I do it anyway? Well, it's because the functionality of the build I was going for was nerfed to the point where it could be considered removed from the game altogether, as it became completely unviable.
So I was forced to create a new character in hopes that the build I was going for wouldn't get nerfed.
As a result of that patch the build had incredible difficulty with clearing trash mobs, but would delete bosses in seconds. Shouldn't balancing be done with a goal completely opposite to that?

You could tell me to play my own build and thus have a better chance of avoiding the nerfs and price gouging on parts of popular builds, but chances are your custom build will not get you to maps due to the aforementioned horribly designed difficulty, or you would spend way more time leveling which in of itself holds no reward.
If you would recommend that I should just git gud, I would kindly refer you to my list of games with all achievements.

With a forgettable story, poor difficulty design, and obnoxiously large maps that you have to clear twice to get to the endgame, this game in its current state is a time sink that does not adequately reward you for the time you put into it.

Path of Exile was much easier and much less accessible in its design. Path of Exile 2 for all its improvements to the PoE formula, went way overboard with difficulty, making it less accessible in the end anyway.

I'm looking forward to all the improvements that GGG can cook up during the game's development and I sincerely hope to change this review once the game becomes better for everyone.

Still better than Diablo IV.

after the latest update, game fps drop 50%. it was 80 now 40

Most fun I have had in a video game in a long time. Never played the first one for more than 10 mins, but I can't stop playing this one, It is getting to be a concerning addiction. But right click go spark spark

Most addicting game I've ever played, W game

Diablo Like but D4 Bad, bla

great arpg!

good

This is how to do a sequel! I love the changes to Path of Exile, I can't wait till more content is released.

game's ok

Pretty fun so far. Different then Diablo 4, more like Diablo 2. So far so good.

Very fun to play and easy to lose track of time whilst playing. Decent enough combat and mechanics. UI could do with some improved information hierarchy though as it's not very friendly to gamers new to this franchise. Game runs pretty smoothly on my 4090/i9 14900k setup but optimisation for high-entity scenarios could further improve the performance. Overall a great title and I am happy with my purchase.

Like Crack

Great game and very addictive. Bonus is it's free.

I bought a CD Key on an external website because I'm broke. 
This is allowed by Steam, these are legit keys that are usually bought in bulk and sold again. 
I played 28 hours, then my key got removed from my account. 
I contacted GGG so they can tell me why they removed my key: one week later I still have no answer, I don't know why it got removed. 
The external website refunded me, so I want to buy it on Steam this time, but Steam still thinks I have a key of the game and tells me it won't give me another one if I buy the game again. (I would only get the 300 points apparently). I literally can't play the game ever again and neither Steam or GGG is willing to help me. I'm not gonna take the risk and buy the game anyway to see what happens if the Steam page gives me this information.

+ To be honest the game itself isn't that great. I wanna play it because I have no other good game to play. It's slow and way too easy/straightforward. Poe1 was much better and more complex. 
I know it's still an early access, but I'm not willing to be kind if they rob me like that and don't even answer. I even want to buy the game again but they don't let me :/

Roll MF Roll!!!!

Great game. A lot easier to understand than POE 1. Best graphics for any ARPG game. Some mechanics still need to be fixed. Late game is good but drop rates for some of the items are absurd like the Jeweller's orbs. I have 75 hours in with one character and haven't gotten any Greater or Perfect Jeweller's orb. 

Overall a great experience. 10/10 would recommend if you are into ARPG.

worth it, you're welcome

best mmo

As someone relatively new to ARPG's I wanted to give this a try. Campaign is great, Act 1 amazing, act 2 a little slow, and same with 3 but the bosses are fun. Visuals of the game are amazing and it plays very well, every class so far looked pretty fun. Gearing is slow you need to trade using a website to get gear tailored for your build if you want to optimise. Once you have a strong build you can clear the game easy and now it's time for endgame. Endgame maps will burn you out with how punishing it is. You can grind maps until you get to tier 15 for example, get one-shot, and you're done. The map is gone so you have to use the site for a tier 15 if you don't want to grind all the way up again or if you were lucky to get a tier 10-14 but the drop rate is abysmal. I think if they did something similar to WoW where you get -1 level to your mythic dungeon keystone on failure instead of completely deleting it would be an improvement. Regardless, of that though it's just boring to spam maps endlessly. The exciting part of the game was making a build and optimising it, and the boss fights, least exciting part is maps.

 trading all my D4 GA items for 1 exalted orb.

s

total banger best arpg on the market and its free post EA

First and foremost, the game runs terribly for what it is. Even with consideration that this is early access, the resources the game demands to run well are insane. This is not to mention the file size, which like many recent games is bloated.

Outside of technical aspects the game is nice, if perhaps a bit repetitious in the beginning. nice voice acting and tight controls. my only real complaints are the various technical issues such as lights turning into disco balls of color when changing settings, or the non-existent multi-threading.

I turned Multi-threading off in my bios and the game, which plays exactly as terrible, as it does with it on, and enabled in the in-game settings, with zero discernible difference between the two. The stuttering and the whole lack of optimization in any aspect makes me wary of the game. The only reason I haven't returned the game, is that i am hopeful for it to improve.

Literally unplayable. I don't understand why this would be an online game if its servers just are potatoes.

A character with that name already exists

Great fun arpg!

video gamne

😊👌

necromancer horde

good, fun, yeah

Best arpg I've every played!

Game has a bullshit autotarget feature and i cant hit get my character to hit my bell where all my damage comes from because it just goes 180 of where my mouse is aimed at and starts hitting over there

Solid ARPG, don't seem to be forced into specific class paths. Very dynamic and extremely fluid game play. LOVE IT!

Played for about 120 hours have reach level 90 has clear most of the end game , currently done whit this current version of the game will  update'' or not'' if the changes are interesting enough for me to play again. once more update drops  

Campaign was by far the best part of the game

The end game is basically a copy past form poe 1 whit some tweaks and twist and a graphic update Nothing new here ,
Crafting is a massive step back form poe 1 

The game performance is quite  bad especially in group play 

There is too much screen vomit.again, it get way worse  in group play ! this is one of the biggest issue i was hopping that ggg would have fix in poe 2 by improving the visibility and clutter  and giving us an option to turn off other player skill effects  not only this would massively improve visibility and how you see the monsters , what they are doing and see they harmful effect but also this would also greatly improve performance ! Realy sad to not have this option in late 2024 2025 !  We don't need to see the other player s' 20 minions doing billions of explosion or the sorc fill up in your entire screen with lightnings, killing your fps and getting you killed cause you can't see what is going on Massive problem in my opinion  ! 



Game crashed 3 out of 4 times when crossing the threshold from the last boss in the Trials of the Sekhema to the treasure room...losing the stone in the process. Game randomly  crashes to desktop in general. Game locks me to 59FPS when tabbing out and back in. I have to restart the game to fix this issue. 

There is no incentive to help a lower level friend in multi-player. The game is triple hard when grouped up, and you receive little to no xp for helping out...no matter if scaling is on or off. If you're not already close in level just don't bother helping a buddy out. Not worth the time or headache. Played for four hours last Friday night with a lower level buddy with the scaling on, and I got three bars total XP for the night.

Well game did crash a couple of times but whatever you dont lose anything eaven if it happens in a boss fight you just start where you where and its early access... Didnt play Poe1 but this one is a blast

A game with so much to do!  So many rocks and vases to turn over to find treasures!  After turning over 2,593 rocks and breaking 12,458 vases I know have 12 gold.  I'm retiring.  The monsters are very scary though.  But don't worry if you travel far enough you will get to grandpa's farm!  And the cozy part of the game comes to play.  The farm comes equipped with so many cattle!  Don't fret... they are super easy to take care of.  They just lay around all day.  Also the fields already have crops!  And you can go in the wheat fields and you get so many kisses from the puppies coming at you!  Soooo cute!  And you can even come across some super friendly farmhands... they will give you high fives for coming to help.  And the farm smells like a bbq all the time!  Super relaxing and chill!

This game is truly amazing.  It's a game where you get to see the professionals shine in their builds.  And for the more casual gamer like me you get to find the build you want to try and work on it with great appreciation to that build creator.  

That is my advice to the more casual gamer.  The skill tree is massive and I suggest going to a build site that people post their builds.  mobalytics is a great build site and people post the videos of their build and how it plays.  I tried just picking skills I felt best for the character I was trying to play, but then I respec'd to a build an expert made and it made a huge improvement to my game play.  And that made the game even more enjoyable.

I love the soundtrack and the dark theme of the game.  Everything is just cool.

Best ARPG !!! Deserves a Game of The Year. This game will consume my life for the next 5-10 years lol

+ Good game
- River Hag

love this

fun, i like the wasd movement. looking forward to more content

I didn't expect the release of Diablo 3 this year.

Its ok but the group loot is shared which is total crap and puts off from teaming with anyone, also you have to clear the map EVERY SINGLE TIME you leave and come back.

i play hardcore, and ive died a lot. its good

Please fix the PC freezing.  Some of us cant even play for 10 minutes or even load in and we have to manually shutdown our PCs

Tons of potential and the exact reason I wish there was a neutral vote on this website. Graphics and gameplay are much improved over poe1. The story and bosses also seem better, but that is all about 25% of the game. Right now the end game is basically non existent in poe2, which is kind of crazy because it isnt like they dont know what to do. Crafting is also terrible which makes a lot of drops basically "almost" worth a crap, but ultimately 99% arent. Not to mention they kept the same rippy gameplay in red maps where an on death effect will one shot your max res 3k life 74% armor 72% evasion character and you couldnt see it because of on screen effects. This wouldnt be such a big deal but in their infinite wisdom they made maps a one shot event. I love poe and poe2 could honestly be amazing... one day, but that day isnt this one and I am honestly disappointed they took lessons learned from poe1 and then put the same issues back into this one. A lot of people will defend it with early access, but early access is no reason to bring issues we knew about 6 years ago and putting them back in the game just to likely "fix" them again later. If this was a different dev and this was their first foray into the ARPG genre I would give this an 8 and say it has a ton of potential, but this is GGG and they honestly know better. So due entirely to the lackluster endgame I have to give it a 5 and cannot recommend in its current state.

Fun, hard af sometimes, but I'm trying to do my own thing like Miles Morales instead of following someones guide.

[b]Please note[/b] that I'm only in Act 2, nowhere near finishing the game. But as a fan of PoE1 (not a Pro, yet 150hrs) I think I'm experienced enough and bored enough now to write this review. 

TL;DR
I understand that many people will love the game. Unlike me, many people love Dark Souls, Wukong, Sekiro and those types of games. Also "git gud", "n00b", "cry more", "did you even tried", I know, I know. However, I somehow expected a better version of PoE 1. More understandable, with progressive difficulty and huge possibilities in making different builds. 

What I got is a top-down Souls-like game where the most important mechanic is "rolling like a pr*ck on the floor", with bottleneck Boss fights forcing you to grind experience (and with not many places where you can get it), and zero tolerance for making a different build than a power-gamer one - there is often one specific skill you basically have to use to kill the boss.

I read the dev's notes, and I think they probably will tweak it, they will balance it, they will listen to players, they will add a huge amount of content later and it probably will be good after all. But for me, sadly, not in this state. 
---

Wanna read more random thoughts?  

Okay. First things first: the developers were awesome during PoE1 time. I gladly voluntarily paid about an AAA game price in PoE just for some cosmetics, simply to support a great game. I have to say it again: it was a FREE game, and probably the best one for me. 
PoE 2 on the other hand is "free-to-play, but pay 27 Eur or more if you want to play now" game. Which I kinda get, the price seems fair, but let's be honest, it's not really a free to play, is it. It is benefiting from a huge hype the game got. It may be free later, but for now, the feeling of wanting to support the devs is out, at least for me. Now it is a paying customer-developer relationship. So no reason to be a Mr. f*ing nice guy anymore. :) 

I'm sorry to say this is worse than the first Path of Exile, which I absolutely loved for many years. The first game was a great Diablo-like clone, where you had enormous possibilities thanks to the huge skill tree and you could make basically unlimited number of character builds. PoE was a game built on experimenting. You never felt trapped in a story, you never felt overpowered, you just had to find a way or change your character a bit to go through a difficult stage (of course, the end game is a different story). You also often had an opportunity to choose from several maps, so even the levelling up almost never felt "grindy". 

The PoE2 feels VERY different from PoE1, like a completely different game. Harder is ok, but this is more frustrating than fun. You can't make a mistake in your skill tree, every choice you make in your build feels permanent, there is no space for experiments, at least at the beginning. 

This may not the problem of all characters or if you are not solo-ing, but there seems to be many bottlenecks in the form of a Boss - you can't continue unless you beat the boss. The problem is, that many times you don't have a proper gear (didn't drop, still have the gear from Act 1), you can't really improve it much as there is not enough stones and gold dropping (never ever bought a "random" item as it costs thousands) and when entering the fight, you are almost always at least 1 or 2 levels below the proper chance to beat the boss. That means you have to grind a level. However, there is nowhere to grind. If you clear the whole map including small bosses on the map where your unbeatable boss is, you get approx. 3 slots out of 20 on your level progress. If you clear the whole map including big boss a map before, you get about 1 slot out of 20. So you clear one map again and again to get that one level that will hopefully make the difference in a Boss fight, otherwise you are stuck between the Boss and the maps you get nothing out of. 

This may be subjective, but items drop seems wild. First 20 levels I got average items at best, then I got 3 legendary (orange) in one minute out of 2 small bosses. None of them for my character, of course. :) 

There are some improvements. I like the spell & support system, also the gold as main currency, there is much fewer confusing things for newbies (PoE 1 was overwhelming sometimes with all the currencies and gems and so on..)... However the gameplay screams "let's make it artificially hard" everywhere. E.g. the flask system: flasks drops all the time, yet 95% of flask are useless, as you can't trade them for better ones as in PoE1 (you can sell them for a few coins). This means you have ONE health flask and ONE mana flask at the beginning as you enter the boss fight with about 7 heals, while most bosses can almost one-shot you in a 10 minutes fight of perfect dodging and continuous damage uptime.

This review is VERY subjective. I may be wrong about many things. Some things may change later in a game. Or later during the development. Also I'm old and nowhere near to be as good at games as 20 years before (however I'm probably not alone, just look at literally thousands of "thank you, I tried it for a week" comments in some "how to cheat a Boss" guides on YouTube ). I  don't want to be unfair. But right now (end of 2024), I can't help myself: 

I was really looking for PoE2 and hoping for the better, nicer version of PoE1 minus the things players hated on PoE, but the truth is I don't have a fraction of fun I got in PoE 1.

Great trading simulator. Heard gameplay is cool, but haven't tried yet (200 hours in hideout)

21 Hours in,(...) see you after 500h

Best Diablo-type game since Diablo 2.

i shoot-a da crossbow

Even in early access, this is far better than most if not all ARPG games to date. The class customization and sheer quantity of endgame maps is astounding!

Not bad

Fantastic combat. Character progression keeps me coming back.

My first ARPG since D3, really enjoying it!

 I really wanna play this game i got to level 15 twice but 15 second lag spikes every 5 minutes and constant stuttering is almost unplayable its not released yet i get it, it wont be long they'll get it fixed

Great Game, Great Experience

8/10

It's not crashing at all, stop trying to run Q4 2024 games with the same computers you were playing CS 1.6 and maybe they'll work as intended.

ye it aite

good game

Whoever decided that endgame maps are automatically lost on a SINGLE death compared to 6 in the first game needs to re-evaluate their choices as a game designer.

Se ve bueno cuando lo pueda jugar

Absolutely goated game with everything that i wanted from an ARPG.
And guess what? IT'S STILL IN EARLY ACCESS!
Thank you for this game, GGG. (100 hours in a bit over a week hell yeah)

game is hard. they need a better system for finding a party for quests
I'm still getting my head around this

otherwise it's an improvement on Diablo in the sense of the difficulty
especially bosses.... difficulty is most welcome

game constantly disconnects when loading into a new area. seemed to start when i hit act 3. if this was not a constant problem i have been dealing with i would give the game a thumbs up yes.

*Will update this review over time*

For context, so far I've levelled 2 characters to ~12 which is by no means a lot of game play in a beast like this.

POE2 is beautiful, and feels a lot "tighter" than POE1, which was a big issue for me in that game. As a fairly loose Diablo enjoyer, I've definitely struggled to kill things between Monk and Ranger, two admittedly squishy classes, but the game is hard! Harder than Diablo levelling experiences I've had.

Not as heavy on chucking loot all over the floor, so if that's an element of these games you enjoy, you might find that a little lacking. Really pretty environments, cool mob types so far, some genuinely challenging bosses, side content etc.

No idea about "late game" because I don't rush these games but if anyone also felt POE1 felt a little "off", the first 15 hours have been a (challenging) pleasure!

Reminds me of old school diablo.

is game is good

super fun. if you like diablo youll love this game.

I was excited to play a POE game before it became bloated with confusing layers of mechanics that require way too much time one should be reasonably expected to invest in.

At first, this game is a welcome challenge, and at last we have the ability to respec for a modest some of gold which is found in decent enough supply.

Having finally beaten Act 2, I began Act 3 and... stopped.

Not out of frustration, I was succeeding well enough in fights to get by... but I was so... damn... bored.

Loot, useful loot, rarely drops.
Enemies are spongey and take far too long to kill.

And having been told what to expect from End Game... I cannot convince myself to endure 3 more acts of feeling like this, and then enter what sounds like emotional torture.

Yes, this game is Early Access... but given my experience of it's predecessor, I don't expect this game to lighten up.

This is a game for ARPG hardcore gamers who do very little else but play this game. That is not a criticism of the community, that is a fault and benefit of this game.

And this game is not for me. I like many different kinds of games, and I don't have the patience to grind my time away at one game for hundreds of hours.

But, I also don't recommend it outright. I feel like this game, even when out of early access, will only feel as deep as it is down to the slow molasses like pacing of it's loot system. Whilst other games sport deep layers of progress to swim through felt moment by moment, POE2s progression only feels deep because the layers are few inches of steel and you're only given a toothpick to carve through them.

i like it ffs, its 3am and im playing.

Good game so far.  No complaints.

Quality game marred by terrible lag spikes. This game running like it's on 56k and I thought this was 2024.

If you are casual gamer and dont want to be one-shotted semi regularly, dont like repeating content, and having RNG control any chance you have to upgrade gear for the bosses that have a time limit to kill them, then this isn't for you.

get rid of magic find on gear. 9/10



Diablo who?

D4Bad

good game

D4 better.

Great game. Better than D4

Yes

so far amazing having a lot of fun

yea, its a fun game. But grinding gear dont really care about people. my account for path one was somehow banned, they didnt tell me what i did except for 3rd party software. i have never used 3rd party software. they did not even try to help me or give me more info. just told me in my appeal that my account was banned. pretty sure my account was hacked. GGG you are not good people.

Seems fun but I barely got to play it. It kept crashing. I have a great rig too. I've seen people losing their PCs to this game so I uninstalled and refunded. Get that shit fixed.

it is fine!

it has some rough edges

had a lot of fun progressing although the maps(endgame) part of the game is boring and had the most fun leveling characters.

the best time-deleter ive played since EFT 2019

Endgame= Shopping simulator.

Incredibly unfinished. 
Watch gangbang vids for accurate dev progress / gameplay footage in one. 
Warriors are limited to maces, blood mages have mana issues forever locking and perma tanking their character. 
Nerfs / mob identity crisis. (They aren't sure what to do about classes, nor mobs, slower gameplay? Yeah K, poe2 will be poe1, 2.0)
I personally think this is somewhat stupid of gripe, but maps are seriously too big during the campaign. 
Most of the gameplay is running around maps, rather than killing mobs. 
All in all, wait till its free to play. 
You are literally paying them, for an unfinished game, and to pretty much test the game. 
When really they should be paying us / giving us free keys to test the game. 
GGG's integrity has been damaged with the "Release" albeit early access of this 2.0 title. 
As it stands, you're better off playing POE1 and then waiting a few years for POE2 to actually become somewhat stable. 
It's going to be a very bumpy ride, with mostly people sooking about nerfs, devs not knowing where to go about fixing and further tanking classes, and overall disconnect between the poe1 and poe2 community.

Deep rewarding ARPG.

An absolute enjoyable fight mechanics with tones of variety that comes with YOUR choice's.
Is it diffucult game yes but only if you dont understand how it works which only takes some couple of hours to understand what is what(for regulars i think).if you give a chance you will enjoy  alot.
Some stats and skills are lil bit confusing in the beggining till you absorve game mechanics.

Graphics are amazing,customisations are great except character creation(pretty sure they will improve).
envoriments and diffrent faunas are feels great,it is crucible in many places.

Most important fact for me is that it is not about making most powerfull build(which i get tired of in many similar games) but more strategicly building your character for diffrent situacions.

i hope they keep this game as enjoyable as much as possible rather than grinding machine.



What Diablo 4 should have been. Feels more like a Diablo game than recent Diablo games.

Fantastic even in early access.

Give D2 vibes

dis game rulezzz

Finally a diablo like game where is actual solid end game. You can play with your builds a lot, dont just follow blindly some builds and you will enjoy the game even more. Boss fight, campaing, end game, builds better then in diablo and last epoch. You can play a lot of different builds spells, you can be creative and play what ever you almost want, its just about to be creative. Its really amazing how much is already in the game with just half of the classes, not all dungeons etc. and i cant even imagine how mind blowing this game will be in 6 months.

You will definitely see here and there some bugs, broken builds etc., but thats expacted in early access when game is not even fully realised yet. Little bit more need to be done, but game is already amazing. In my opinion they have in everything i miss and was expacting in diablo and last epoch.

If you love action rpgs genre i cant do anything else, then to recommend you to try it.

Good stuff


good

lOVE IT

Came into this game as someone ambivalent, bemused, by PoE1, despite being a fan of the genre. The reduction of clutter in this early iteration of the game, the enjoyment I get from hardcore when it is pretty tough to play (I always play hardcore with friends) is about as good an arpg experience as I have found (played em all). I'm not talking about end game etc, I'm no pro. I'm talking about slowly enjoying the game with friends, and making progress with every character death. 

There are so many innovations here, many small, but summing up to greatness: be a necromancer-type (witch) and never have to press a button to resummon your minions again, if you dont want to. Do I miss pressing a button to resurrect 5 minions or more? Not at all. Instead I can press more interesting buttons. Genius! So many great ideas, and it's still in Early Access. I spent 27 euro supporting this, and I regret nothing. 

WINNING TANGENT: 

ARE YOU A FAN OF STORY? This game has hands down the best writing of any arpg (hang your head in shame d4). It is both the quality of atmosphere in certain boss fights, and the moment-to-moment writing that does about as good a job as anyone can do within the scatty constraints of the ARPG. Applause to the writers (and everyone else).

diablo 4 clears

Best campaign for ARPG, excited to see acts 4,5,6 and a more playable endgame.

:)

O jogo ta top demais

This is the "D3"

game is awesome cant recommend it enough if you love the genre and if you are having any crashing issues in these early access release days just switch to vulkan instead of directx and that will fix your issues you still may crash once in a blue moon but far better than on directx

I tried to write a bad review, but then I Vaal Orb'd it and it turned out positive

yes

Such a massive disappointment. If you disliked the occasional 1 shots in POE1, well, get ready to get bent over and railed by every single bs mechanic in POE2. There are no 'tanky' builds in POE2. Every single monster can either chunk you with a single hit or flat out 1-shot you. Get ready to walk over dead mobs that drop delayed bombs that can just insta kill you. Then there's the severe lack of skill/passive customization in comparison to POE1, lacking any real depth and limiting replayability. POE-Lite. Honestly, who was this made for? Certainly not the POE1 playerbase.

Better than diablo!


-place holder-

Will review around 100 hours into it.

ITS GOOD

Amazing!

what D4 should have been.

I enjoy killing living creatures..

New to POE but wow POE 2 rocks!

gud

This game has brought back nostalgia in my gaming. The constant progression, the anticipation, the constant surprises that make you adapt your build. The builds have so much depth, I feel like I've barely scratched the surface. So many options, many other classes I want to try for myself. The content is tough at times, making you look back at your build for weaknesses forcing you to obtain some resistances to even stand a chance. After it all it feel very rewarding to progress. The drops come quick, its a learning curve forsure with how currency is in the game. But the depth to item and drops, the min maxing is endless.

Amazing for an early access game. Everything we wanted Diablo 4 to be that it wasnt.

Way better than Diablo 4 in every way

Challenging and fun to play

nah

Good game, slow gameplay, great animations, amazing feeling of weapons, skills and spells, game gonna give a loooots of pleasure just by watching how you play! Few boss fights deserve a mention, for example fight with Geonor- amazing fight with souls-like feeling. Music- masterpiece.
Game is sometimes hard, bosses can kill you accidentally by 1 hit what is often annoying because fights length are few minutes usually, fortunately defeating bosses gives looots of satisfaction.
I play as a Witch with minions and chaos dmg, i don't know but 90% of monsters ( especially bosses ) was ignoring my minions and all the time was focused and targeting me >_< my cuuute skeletons was always in front of me, i was always away from them just to put curse on enemies and make a dmg buuut the most time enemies was focused on me... soooo instead of make dmg, i the most was rolling on the ground to dodge hits. :I
I won every boss fight alone, my characters was pretty tough and i was making preeeetty nice dmg - i never asked for help, also on Cruel difficulty which i was enjoying more because then i had better stuffs but in endgame you won't play too long alone. Endgame with Waystones maps are terrible, also trials are HORRIBLE when you are alone. So... if you have friends or anyone to play, just play with someone, don't play alone like me. T_T
There was some "funny" situations i had, for example fight with Viper, i was making as much big damage that when she had 10% hp, she was spamming one skill during you can't hit her but she can kill you with 1-2 hits and making you yet poisoned >_< that was stuuupid and soooo annoying!! I fought with her like 10 times because she was spamming 1 skill all the time! One little mistake there and you are dead >_<.
Also some bosses can use some skills during fight that it's impossible to dodge, for example fight with Doryani... lighting cupola that makes inside lightining dmg and outside makes little lightining on the ground, ice laser that makes ground with ice which makes you obviooously slow and of coooourse gives you dmg and then he is turning around with lasers that gives you tones of dmg, impossible to dodge >_< there is nowhere to hide because all the time there is this lighting cupole, rolling doesn't work.
I recommend buuut it's pretty easy to get tired and annoyed of this game. >_<

Great game, minor goofy issues that will probably get worked out by full launch.  Quest items not triggering for everyone, rendering spikes and parties being split over servers and difficulties reviving. 

More seriously though, POE2 crashed today and tore the whole building down.  

All of the Steam data on my external HD was wiped. User beware. An apartheid of this game from your other data files may be warranted. 

Also, no swords or axes? Wtf at least give us some baby seals to hit with these clubs.

A little rough at first, but that's a good thing. Slow and steady as she goes, buffs and nerfs you know the thing. It's early access and the madonna's just can't grasp it. If you know, you know. It's not your first rodeo I'm sure. You'll be fine I promise and it is worth the $30. I'm a single father with 2 kids meaning I am a filthy casual and making great progress, my build you ask? Well I am a Monk, but not at first though. It was my third choice. I'm happy now. Game is fun for what it is. This guy recommends it.

not good. lacking. bad

Unless you hate yourself come back in 6 months. If you do hate yourself then welcome brother.

Great game as expected from GGG. 
Early access better than many fulll releases that dont even update their games. 
Its gonna get way better in 2025 because it obviously has some rough edges that need to be ironed out. Thats what GGG does though so 10/10 afai am concerned.

This game is far more approachable to new players over the original.  Took about 10 hours to figure out the system in depth, pretty easy once you know and it makes you feel silly.  The people who review this game negatively were never going to like the game anyway, especially saying the loot system and combat is terrible.  The game is designed in a way to allow you to get a piece of gear and upgrade it to how you want it to be, instead of waiting for some unique drop.  The concurrent players since release should say it all about how good the game is.  I highly recommend

Great game. not perfect but proly will be fr fr

Alright, so I'm going to start this off with that I really enjoyed act 1 through 3. Once you get to act 4-6 and the endgame content stuff starts to get very difficult and wonky.

The endgame content as a Ranger feels like I'm gambling at every second. If I'm not able to immediately kill things then they can just run up to me and 1 shot me even if I have 60%+ in resistances and 78% evasion with "Acrobatics" which allows you to evade all "Hits" which include AoE spells and effects. If you die at all in the end game system called Maps then you lose your ability to go back to that map and complete it. This means that any 1 shot from a non rare or non magic enemy that hits you effectively wipes the run and any drops that are on the ground or events that have yet to be completed are just gone because you can't go back.

What does this mean? It means that you spend 80% of your time in the end game trying to trade for better gear because people dont answer their whispers or they just list stuff to see how many whispers they get so they can re-list the item for even more divine orbs. Divine Orbs dont drop. I have 200% or so increased rarity of items found and I have only had maybe 4 divine orbs drop in the 133 hours I have played. All of the good gear is locked behind Divine Orb trading and none of it is acquirable unless you were one of the several thousand that have knowledge of POE1 and knew that Divine Orbs were going to be increasing in value and bought as many as you could in the beginning weeks of the game.

It's week 4 now, Everything on the market is either 1 exalt (if it's a trash item not being used in a build) or 1-200 divine orbs (If it is a common item used in a good build). In standard league, you have a lot of stormweavers... why is that? Because they are effectively unable to die if they kill everything off screen with a super juiced spark Skill gem. There are some really effective builds but most of them require buying most of your gear from the market, which brings me back to everything on the market is too expensive. Increased rarity of items found seems to do literally nothing in maps 7-13 but from what I've seen running tier 15 maps is the best way to get divines. Stormweavers can pump their max mana, damage recouped as mana, and then using a specific passive can make it so all damage they get is reduced from mana instead of life. This is busted in my opinion. At least it should be given that the rest of the classes except for Titan warrior have a hard time stacking HP to reach the same effectiveness. 

The biggest issue I have is that I am not interested in playing another class until they release more content... Right now I feel like I hit a wall and nothing I do will stop random unnamed non-magic non-rare enemies from one shotting me if they land that 22% chance to hit me. Why does my life flask restore health if every hit one shots at map tiers 10+. I've lost all interest in trying to progress. I havent even seen the end game bosses yet because you need so much currency to even go to the boss arena and the 4th trial of ascendancy is absolutely bonkers in the 1 shot category as well. I got 1 shot by a non - magic non-rare little beetle thats height doesnt reach past my characters knees.

Most of you reading this review have probably already purchased this game but if you have not bought early access yet I would just wait until they release a patch that blatantly says "Reduced damage of non-magic non-rare monsters in end game maps that have been reported to 1 shot players with high evasion"

I will probably only play if my friends are online. Cause right now the content is repetitive, boring, and so punishing you are often wondering what the fuck killed you when you see "You have Died" on the screen.

Very addicting. This is my first arpg but it reminds me a lot of my childhood game: Cabal Online. Very grindy and challenging! Just needs better servers atm, currently playing with 80 ping on texas server.

frfr 10/10 game

*chef kiss*

GAME HARD FREEZES/CRASHED PC (System Dependent)

Issue: This game, depending on computer, has an issue that will hard freeze my computer and I'm forced hard shut down because it locks out the CPU at 100%. 

This does not happen to everyone as I have 3 people who run this game (Each of their computers are varying specs from low end to high end.... mine being the higher end rig). However when it does happen, there is no CURRENT fix for it. There are band-aids and workarounds but it will not fix the freezing issue

Please again note: This does not happen with all pc systems. 

The game overall is fun and enjoyable but not at a high chance of it hard freezing my computer. Until they fix it, I will leave this at a negative review and come back to it later when  the problem is fixed. I will update bios and make sure everything is updated on my end (of which most everything is) and see if it works. if it fixes it, I will change my review

I dont get it why it took so long for this to happen but we finally have a truly great ONLINE ARPG. No more clunky animations and movement, no more shitty graphics, no more laughably easy enemies and weightless meaningless combat.

It finally feels like Im actually doing something when playing piano on my keyboard and smashing every skelly in the face with my spells like Im the god of skelly killing. Instead of it being a slop fest of a million low quality animations and enemies scattered all across my screen we have fewer enemies with slower tempo but the guys actually do some damage and the combat is challenging and satisfying for once. You can actually see what's happening on your screen. Big props for including so many boss fights throughout the campaign. Most of which are quite good imo.

The dodge roll is such a must mechanic for this type of game and Im infinitely glad it's included here.

Shit slaps. The vibe is great, the artstyle, music, audio design, all solid! It's not afraid to be grim and I love that. I think GGG have showed here what this genre can bring to the table when you really leverage what it has to offer. I'm super excited to see where this goes and how they develop it further. Maybe It's time to bring ARPG's back?

They should rename this game to the Path of Lag.  Fun game but borderline unplayable due to lag.  Every time I log in I get a message saying that my GPU drivers are out of date.  They are not out of date and I have a 3090 so I can assure you is not a hardware issue.

Shitty trails

it can be buggy but is still very very good


forget about any diablo. there is a greatest game where u can find diablo + elden ring

Autistic, grindy, and frustrating

I can't stop playing

I love this game :D It's what i wish Diablo 4 was, only Diablo 4 has been out over a year and POE is in early access and already better...

da good stuff


First playthrough is far too difficult. Melee feels terrible.  Melee abilities are weak early game.  If you like spending hours fighting each boss until RNG smiles upon then this is for you.  Plus, loot drops are terrible.  No dopamine to be had in POE2.  Bosses one shot you offscreen mostly due to the worst FOV in ARPG history.  If you like playing with friends just know that it makes the game considerably harder especially for bosses.  Come back at full release before wasting money on early access.  I was hyped about this game but It'll be a year or two I believe until this game is remotely fun.

it gud

Not in a recommendable state. 

Path of exile 2 attempts to be many diffrrent games at the same time but falls flat in a lot of areas that the first entry excelled at. Despite the removed complexity, Its still not accesible to players new to the genre, while the lack of depth means character building/costumization  are pretty homogenous with half the game's population playing the same spec despite the hundreds of possibilities.

Another big point of contemption is how out of place so many abilities feel in a fast paced endgame that contrasts to a more slow paced campaign, as if they were made for a game that no longer exists. 

It inherits design issues from poe1 with a fresh coat of paint and adds its own dreadful problems that will realistically not be solved anytime soon despite some things that do feel great such as gear progression and the small amount of abilities that feel good, really feel amazing. 

Overall 5/10

The loot system is shit, the grinding is shit, the classes are shit.
Plus hard crashes just don't stop.
This game will always be trash until they fix it.

Amazing

Better than Diablo 5

gas

I love it already and I know it'll only improve

GREAT GAME SO FAR

Early access game so I'm sure they will address a lot of issues. At a high level:

Campaign: 10/10 - really fantastic first few acts. Great story, great game play, bosses are fun and not just slam a button. Monster diversity of types is outstanding - you constantly feel like you are fighting new mobs. Drops and progression flows well.

Early end-game - Fun, but can be very confusing as so much is tossed at you at once. If you haven't played poe1 you might be confused and quit.

End game: Some real issues here. Boring for starters. Map running over and over with dire consequences if you die, bosses that are really tough at 15/16 if you don't have a ST build, massive class balance issues with some not even feasible, towers that mean almost nothing, rare drops that are so rare you basically give up. 

Progression: Great until end game then you feel like your character is just sitting there making no progress and all your job is, is to farm forever until you get 20 divines to buy an upgrade. Not worth it.

Overall 8/10 right now. But won't sustain at all if end-game stays the way it is - I will move on and I think many others will too.

I love it for early access - but it needs another 6+ months of early access to be a great v1.

will be better

Well it's early access but the current game especially endgame is pretty bad..
As everyone complained this game is more like dark souls now, you got 1 shot dead hit by bos all the time, not to mention the rubberband/stuck attack/etc that kill you because you can't move(network issue spike all the time), in endgame that just kill all the fun especially spending 1 hour for 5% then boom got 1 hit for some reason shred through 1700HP and 1000 shield losing all progress and 10% exp penalty, not to mention armor and evasion rating scale really bad it's a diminishing return as the more you add it the lest it add so you can't really built survivability here..
Dark souls is fine because its a single player game with skills, but this is online game where lag spike kill you , all my action had some "delay" it's like im playing with 300-400 ping or something

Me like :D

Sucks your soul harder than the Dyson V15 Detect

Finally, after countless crappy games, a game has emerged that will be a new reference point for the genre.

Even at the EA, this game has completely outclassed any competition. Accessible formula, new approach to the early game (including unforgettable boss fights), clear mechanics with incredible depth, a strong emphasis on gameplay at every stage from early to end game... this game is clearly being created by enthusiasts, not corporate slaves.
Yes, the game has some problems, but these are things that can be balanced and do not require a major overhaul.

Better diablo :)

Love POE1. But this is just a grindy, frustrating, non-rewarding game to play. So many optimization issues. Major imbalance issues. Hard to recommend to anyone considering playing it

fun

this game forced me to restart my computer countless times. I somehow played for 100 hours. I tried almost all the ideas written on this bug's reddit and in the form of the game. after so many restarts i think it damaged my processor or other parts of my computer, my stable computer now started to restart itself even while playing videos.

Worth the spend even for early access

I have around 1500 hours in PoE1 and have never played a character without a guide. In PoE2 however I have multiple characters made entirely by myself, even made a warrior capable of clearing T14+ Waystones. I love the journey and also the fact that I can just play the game without creating an entire build beforehand.

It is not in a good place, wait till it actually releases next year.

build mi?

Great game!

Yarram gibi (mükemmel amk)

GGG is one if not the best game developers I have ever had the pleasure of encountering.

Brings a lot of what I loved about the original POE with a fresh and dreadful feel. Death has has never felt closer.

If you enjoy Diablo games but like a bit of a challenge, this is a awesome game!

Enjoyed the campaign and lore a lot. Progression feels satisfying. The crafting system is basically straight up gambling. Endgame is fun but needs some tweaks. Hoping the devs will listen to the community.

Looking forward to full release.
Seems promising!

Game of the year in 2025 or 2026 or 2027 or...

The ability to move while attacking is very cool! They should put that in Path of Exile 1 and scrap the rest of this dumpster fire

some bugs but still better the Diablo IV

Still needs a lot of work, but a great beta!

At first I was annoyed with how easy i died at boss fights. But then I learned through trial and error pretty quickly how the gear system works and leveling up skill gems. Now that I am understanding the mechanics of the game better I am having a lot of fun with it! Killing most bosses so far first or second try. If you like challenging games with the ARPG flair I highly recommend and before you get upset... Just spend a little bit of time learning. :)

The game initially worked well, but recently the game has been crashing my computer and freezing non-stop, I have ran through most of the general fixes and tried the fixes from the internet, but it's basically unplayable on a rather high end computer.

Hands down one of the best aRPG!

good game its true

Exiles-like!

Hayatımda oynadığım en kötü hack and slash , çünkü hack and slah değil hatta soul like bile değil. 10 saatlik oyunu 3000 saat oynatabilmek için herşey yapılmış. Tamam beyin ölümünüz gerçekleşmiş tüm bosslara 1 adet tek atma özelliği vermişsiniz hatta çoğu normal yaratıkta bile tek atma özelliği var ama hiçbir questi adam gibi açıklamama , her öldüğünde haritanın tamamının canlanması 30 saatlik oyunda adam gibi 2 özellikli büyülü eşya bile olmaması nedir.Sayılamayacak kadar dangalaklık var oyunda. Ben darksouls 3 ü 40 kere bitirdim ama her oyunda bu mantığı oynamak zorundamıyım  sıktı artık yakında fifayı nfs yi de soul like yapsınlar kurtulalım....

Amazing

Incredible game. It reminds me exactly of an old game I loved playing called fate by wildtanget but truly enhanced. I like the movement, the graphics are great, bosses aren't annoying to fight against, and the game runs great. Some minor bugs here and there and lag but runs great for early access

Waystone system is a mess and needs a total overhaul. Completing T8/T9 maps getting T1 and T2 stones as drops, spiraling progress all the way back down. (No it does not matter that you can craft them, it takes hundreds of thousands of gold to craft a single T9).

Waystone drops should be directly according to current waystone level and character level so progression is consistent. Have the shop drop lower tier stones if the player needs to do lower level content.

Will update review when this is fixed, hopefully by January.

Very good so far.

Better than D IV

Its like Path1 but you die more... a lot more.

Very fun.

game keeps crashing and bricking my PC

PoE 2 early access is excellent. Combat is satisfying, bosses are enjoyable and the variety of environments look great.

The versatility in builds makes each playthrough truly unique - highly recommend picking this one up if you are a fan of ARPGs.

Repeating Acts 1-3 is monotonous at times, but is offset by a well-structured end-game that keeps the player engaged with a surprising amount of variety in maps.

Had very little performance issues as well, which is a welcome positive for an early access game.

Well worth the $45AUD price tag to play this one early.

8/10

game good, game fun, game not even release, wow

d4 bad, poe2 good. 
poe2 like d2, d4 like d3.

Overall - it's just amazing - gotta try it, watch vids about it - see what's coming, see what's it about - it's precious, highly recommend!

while i think the gameplay loop is extremely addicting and  this game is scratching the itch diablo 4 couldn't, I am constantly dealing with server lag spikes that make playing the game, especially the boss fights where you have extremely tight windows, massively frustrating. hope this gets a fix in the future.

POE 1 WAY BETTER 
100%

amazing

BEST GAME EVAAAA

Summary: Although may become a nice ARPG game after a few years of polishing, gameplay is already outdated. Will require redesign to an open world or a similar concept.

Cons:
1. Same technical issues as POE1
2. Very little content, including end-game mechanics and skills
3. Loading screens - why would you even release ARPG with so many loading screens...
4. Poor loot and gameplay balance. Once you get loot farmed enough becomes 1-2 clicks game, i.e. same as POE1... until you get 1 hit from unbalanced mobs... 
5. Lack of rewards/achievements
6. Steam page shows as MacOS Supported while it's still NOT MacOS supported. 

Pros:
1. Nice graphics
2. Sometimes challenging and interesting gameplay due to dark souls-like dodge mechanics

I don't like doing reviews in general and even less so on EA games that I mostly had a good time with, but I feel the need to in this case due to glaring problems that I genuinely hope are resolved. So, to clarify, this review is going to be focused around end game and not the campaign, which I thought was phenomenal. 

The real issues for me right now with the game are primarily inside of 3 categories: end game, melee combat, and economy. 

End game feels like it could be it's own entirely separate title, and I mean that in the negative sense. Imagine running on a treadmill and steadily increasing your incline and speed and then suddenly having it doubled instantly and your stamina halved. No joke, that's what going from the end of act 3 brutal to mapping in end game feels like. It comes out of nowhere, explains itself poorly, suddenly expects you to be ready to die at a moments notice because you're now made out of tissue paper, be punished for dying (silly you for not knowing what you weren't told), and worst of all follow extremely cheesy builds that have you, wait for it, BLOWING UP SCREENS OF ENEMIES just like POE1 so you can survive and thrive. WOW, I thought this was POE2 not POE2.0 

It's so abrupt, so stark compared to the measured and tactical combat in the campaign, it throws you WAY OFF. Suddenly over half of your skills/spells and supports are worthless and the only ones that ARE worth taking are the big ones that go boom across your monitor. What's worse? The veteran POE playerbase is totally ok with this eye melting doo doo because that's what they're used to playing. Again, I didn't realize we were all playing POE2.0 here. GGG is going to need to evaluate end game an decide if they want the weighted and souls-like combat to carry over from the campaign to end game, or just running with this frankenstein copy paste poe1 end game format they sloppily put in EA. 

I invested in this game because I didn't want to have to follow build guides, engage in convoluted mechanic bloat, and constrain myself to only a few playstyles because nothing else works well. I thought POE2 was about accessibility and flexibility, but so far i've felt none of that since the end of the campaign. 

Melee combat for example just feels awful due to the way end game maps are designed. Going toe-to-toe with any enemy on even a semi-juiced map can mean certain death on a character that was doing really well face tanking the rest of the game in the levels leading up to end game. Now you're expected to either play from distance or invest heavily in screen wide explosive power to survive, basically invalidating 3/4 of your skills. This is clearly bad by design and needs addressing. There is such a world where a power fantasy of destroying packs of monsters can feel good without resorting to playing a hit and run nuke playstyle. If I want that i'll play a sorc. 

The real kicker here though is the economy and how easily it's gotten out of control because of silly ass gear traits like "rarity" stacking being so powerful + running in groups basically showering you with loot. This is already leading to inflation and making it so that early map players looking to purchase decently rolled gear just to survive the hellscape end game system are being gatekept behind the need for precious resources like divine orbs just to buy the gear that enables these over-the-top builds allowing them to be peformant enough to tackle anything more than tier 5 maps. And you know it's not just me when RMT game accounts are randomly whispering people about orb sales. Clearly there's some serious manipulation going on and it's downright disgusting. 

What's this mean for a SSF player like myself? Well, because the drop rates are so totally shit i'm forced to run rarity on my gear instead of damage that I would have otherwise preferred. And because I don't find much of that gear due to the bad drop rates and the crafting system being mostly gambling garbage, i'm forced to engage with the janky trade site to even begin bringing a build online. It really makes me wonder who this game is being aimed at exactly. Why can't I have targeted farming? Or no rarity on gear but instead as a prefix/suffix on waystones and tablets or through specific game modes? This forced scarcity through a single junky stat on gear is a real bad habit of old game devs and it needs to go. Magic find is lazy game design. You're basically telling me: don't build a powerful character and reach the higher difficulty tiers on maps to earn better rewards, but instead just stack rarity and get the same amount/quality of loot on easy maps with no work. This is just bad for obvious reasons and will only get worse the longer it goes on. 

Anyway, I only write at length here because I do care and I really do hope GGG can take action to make the end game feel just as amazing as the campaign did for me. I know they have it in them, they're very talented dudes and I have faith in their commitment to make something genuinely new and not just a 2.0 version of the first game. If/when things turn around, i'll happily changed this to a positive review.

Its Ok, but Last Epoch is better.

Already feels very polished and balanced overall. You have to enjoy optimizing your gear and skills to enjoy the game otherwise you can get stuck and it feels less enjoyable if you die frequently.


Overheats my CPU causing my PC to Force Shutdown. I am afraid i can no longer play the game since it might fry my CPU completely. 

Worse part is: Even tough the issue is gamebreaking(and pc breaking) and a lot of people complaining about it, GGG is silent about the problem and wont mention it. Meaning they wont be fixing it any time soon. 

I am not gonna fry my PC to play a game.

epiccccccccccc

EN

As always, beating up Diablo garbage. POE is the true continuation of the end of Diablo 2. However, compared to POE 1, it is necessary to say that it added elements of Souls to the game, which i love, but may displease some others. Furthermore, the currency exchange system needs to be for gold - we are no longer in mercantilism to make barter - gold facilitates the exchange process.

PT-BR
Como sempre surrando diablixo. POE a verdadeira continuação do finado diablo 2. Porém em relação ao 1 é necessário dizer que agregou elementos de Souls no game, o que para mim é uma maravilha, mas pode desagradar alguns. Além do mais o sistema de exchange currency precisa ser por gold - não estamos mais no mercantilismo para fazer escambo - gold facilita o processo de trocas.

Typical ARPG. Boring.  Poor campaign, if any.  Good drops are few and far between.  Complicated stash and crafting system. Mapping system lacks ability to see where you are in the World.  Needs alot of work  before casual and new players can enjoy.

Oneshots coming straight out of nowhere - copy of PoE1. Better play the first, it has more content.

Cannot recommend if they keep ascendency linked to trials of sekhemas (aka Sanctum). I love Path of Exiles and have so much time in the game but those two things should have nothing to do with each other.

AMAZING!!!

Game is fun until you hit endgame. After that, the endgame is terrible, way worse than d4 and always getting killed by something you cant see and lose all progress cause of that. 

I would wait for a few patches cause the game really need it
8.5/10 if you dont consider endgame

I have full faith in GGG, POE1 is a masterpiece, and I really hope the success of two doesn't eventually overshadow or shutdown 1, because they are completely different games.

For people complaining that POE 2 isn't fast, and 1-button map clears, go watch the early episodes of POE releasing new videos, like Facebreakers, and see how slow 1 was 12 years ago.  It takes time to develop.  That's over a decade of meta evolution.

For anybody new to the franchise, this game is incredibly fair for a F2P and has thousands of hours of content, if you're the kind of person who loves build theory crafting, nothing even comes close to POE1, and I have faith we'll have a ton of depth evolving from POE2 in a different, more approachable direction.

Zero reason to play Diablo now that 2 is out.  Cross platform, free (soon to be free), and so much better of a company.  

Happy hunting, Exiles!

Lots of fun!! Plenty of choices. Easy to learn.

Cinema

To many mobs have instant kill scripts 
Hardcore is not to be played
Lot is .. rare

good game

I'm still trying to understand what was the objective during the development of the ascendancy trials. If it was to not be fun, it was spot one.

Do not expect an issue to be fixed with the content you're supposed to get from POE1/POE2 EA. This will take time (2w and still ongoing here).
Acts 1-3 are the best ARPG content ever made with top gameplay.
Beyond the campaign this is the usual casino loot fiesta APRG where you either delete whole screens with one click or get deleted wondering how, when and why.
Very promising if they're really going for the A1-3 gameplay. I still expect to get what I paid for so that will be a no for me until then.

its a good game

I like it better than diablo

Now that the glazing period and hype of the Early Access launch is over, I'll keep it short and sweet.
I've gotten multiple characters through the games Acts and Cruel Acts, and HC characters into maps.

[b] Is the game good? [/b]
Yes.

[b] Does it have problems? [/b]
Yes, plenty and the main issue being the game designed around Dodge roll (which I absolutely love), while simultaneously leaving no room for error and no death log or dmg log to figure out what actually corpsed you (which I hate).

[b] Is there anything better out there in the ARPG market? [/b]
No.

[b] Is it early access jank? [/b]
Partly yes in the sense that it clearly needs more time cooking. The game is only half designed, half the weapons aren't in the game and half the acts are missing.

[b] Do I recommend it? [/b]
If you don't play Hardcore mode, yes.

If you play hardcore, then no. The games defenses/resistances plus the addition of the dodge roll feature does not really go well hand in hand. What I mean by that is, MOST unique bosses have 1 shot abiltiies, no matter your armor, or resistances if you don't Dodge or move out of the way. 

With the game being always online, you are very much prone to micro stutters, lag and with the way the game handles player hitboxes against boss attacks and their hitbox size, you'll notice tons of it moreso than any other game you've probably played. When the game is designed around player controlled defenses and resistances, it's chefs kiss. If they can reign in the way the game handles player position before and after dodging without being rubberbanded and zoomed across the screen, it will probably be a lot better, even with latency.


Never received pre order currency. Reached out to their customer support and they never reached back

So literally this game is theft

other than that, 10/10

best game.

Great game, runs like **** though.

Good game ruined by terrible boss fights

Game is great for early access. I'll be looking forward to trying the new classes.

Combat is solid, boss fights are awesome, and the art/zones are crazy good.

The largest issue I have is the gearing system. Everything is based around trading which makes farming seem kind of boring and lackluster. Trading is done through the POE2 website, and the currency is item upgrade materials. I didn't play POE 1 to endgame, but this gave me the same issues as Diablo 3 with the auction house.

The issue I have here is that most of my time farming is to get Exalted Orbs so I can trade on what is essential an auction house. Very rarely am I getting good drops that are relevant to my class. When I do get a decent drop, the upgrade materials are far better saved for trading rather than using them to have a small chance at getting the roll you need. Unfortunately, the game doesn't do a good job of telling you this.

Then, add to it that the majority of gear, you just want resistance, life, spirit, ES, etc, and it just feels boring. I played the same infernalist build from the first ascendancy all the way to level 75.

Anyways, game is great for EA. Definitely some polish needed for endgame.

If you like to be Punished Sure this game can be for you, I Enjoyed parts of the game Playing thru 98% of the game with 3 Different characters there is alot of balancing that needs to be done if you want to make it to end game Meta Builds are all you got. Crafting just as punishing! Everything you do in this game is pure punishment.... I enjoyed how it feels like D2 but that's where the benefits end and there Potential in its systems, Sadly It Fixes no issues previous Hack and slash have and it doesn't do much new in Fact adding more mindless Problems then before. Its a great Base and im excited to see future development. Unfortunately  Not recommended in Current state

game is very pog.  got some work to do but GGG have a great rep.  

+++++

POE2 is not a D4 killer. D4 is a D4 killer.

A lot of the things I hated about D4 I see with POE2 when it comes to general things like inventory and having to spend large amounts of real world money for what should have been in the game to begin with. $70 dollars for cosmetics. Go screw yourself POE2.

A lot of the current classes are just bad when it comes to gameplay compared to classes like witch. If you want a game almost identical to D4 with the exception of bosses actually being difficult. Then go right ahead. If you are like me and done supporting AAA gaming studio greed then give this game the finger and tell em to screw off.

165 hours of gameplay so far into this title. There are plenty of problems that this game needs to sift through before full release, but its still an incredibly rewarding experience getting through some of the content.

The Pros.... include things like the more engaging combat, the great looking skills, the cool story and Boss fights....(especially the boss fights.) Controller even feels great in this game! Dual Stick shooter style has been how i play most of the time while i vomit lightning upon everything. (The controller UI still needs quite a bit of work like not being able to set prices correctly)

The Cons..... are pretty big cons right now.
Incredibly awful loot tables still for gear. You are FORCED to use the poe trade site when you hit a wall. The only other option is to grind out areas you have already beaten...over...and over...and over again. hoping for a single piece of gear that can help. if you didnt want to use the trade site? too bad.

Ascendancy points are locked behind RNG trials that require an item to rng drop. One trial gives you an extra health bar to manage while throwing pretty unreasonable afflictions at you through 3 floors of multiroom trials. The other is just way overtuned and has a preferred "path" laid out by the community. Includes having to go through animations of levers, or placing objects while monsters seem to infinitely spawn.
Yes. They are beatable and quite the challenge. However i think too much for a lot of players.

Endgame. Mapping in the Atlas has some pretty enjoyable parts to it. I like the way its all laid out. Extremely cool. This is going to be where a lot of players spend time and it shows they have been working hard on the content........
...........However....... having my first T6 map drop, only to get into the map and have servers straight up freeze completely on me, kick me to title screen with an "unexpected disconnection" (all my other internet still working fine btw)..... I load back in and portals are gone, map has been eaten. WELP..... back to grinding maps so another one hopefully drops OR grind out some gold to buy a bunch of tier 1 maps(5k gold per (t1 x 3) to make a t2 so this is about 350-400k gold per t6) to combine into t2>t3>t4>t5>t6. it gets costly.

Im assuming this will all get worked out and get better over time. Im actually kind of heart broken to say im 50/50 on recommending what i think will be a great game. Its just in a rough spot right now. Ill most likely keep spending time in the game here and there, but definitely less time if it maintains the feeling of disrespecting the players time in quite a few ways. 

I hope to see this game be crafted into the great potential it has!

goodgame mybro but so lag

Awesome experience

I started these style games with Diablo 2 when it came out and played until the servers were shutdown. I tried PoE 1 and didn't care for it, but PoE 2 has been way more enjoyable than D3 and D4. I feel like I am playing D2 again with insanely awesome upgrades and the game isn't even fully released! This game is totally awesome and the devs are listening to the players, but staying true to their original vision of the game. I love the difficulty of the game and I look forward to everything they bring in!

POTY!
PathOfExile Of The Year!

so far the worst gaming experience I've had this year:
- the game feels like it was barely thought through, from the clunky and unintuitive interface to mechanics that often seem half-baked or needlessly complicated
- locations are monotonous, prepare to spend 10-15 minutes wandering around, searching for a tigniest gateway to the next level. The lack of clear direction makes progression feel like a punishment rather than a reward
- dying resets everything to a painfully frustrating degree. All the mobs across the entire level respawn, meaning you’re forced to trudge through the same repetitive grind over and over again (and you die a lot)
- the game actively discourages and complicates any attempt at playing together. Beyond the general lack of synergy in the mechanics for coop, there is a game design decision in the third arc that completely breaks the experience: if one player defeats a boss and another doesn’t when you time travel to the past, the game locks you out from continuing together. If you’re considering this for coop, do yourself a favor and look elsewhere—it’s simply not meant for this

I like it

Amazing game. Recomend to everyone for 28euro is amazing feel like 60+

Best ARPG!!!  BOSSES are EPIC!  FUN!

fun

GREAT CHRISTMAS BREAK!!!!!

Daje okejke

wake up on beach and go kill god or something idk. 9/10 (lack of Bestel the best bloke)

Pausing multiplayer games in 2024, leaving to do chores and returning to resume exactly where you left. The technology is there.

Its pretty alright

Love this game so far lots do to and extra fun with friends


My god is this a great game. Not only do I recommend this game I would say you need to play this game.

Great game so far.

Some say it's hard.
Other say it's easy.

I say it's as unbalanced and tuned to meta build only as was PoE1, except you could at least play through the campaign with pretty much any build in PoE1.
My bad for going for a Sorceress/Ball Lightning build like I used to, for I have painfully reached the end of act 3 and simply cannot proceed any further. Every attack of every boss one shots me. Small packs of mobs can stunlock me to death, and most big ones also one shot me. And I still can't get my hands on ball lightning. Other lightning spells are just ballz.
I can't get armor because I can't have enough strength to equip armor with armor, I can't get evade either. I am stuck with the ever useless energy shield if only I could drop some of my level.

My game experience:
Die
Can't get loot
Die
Can't progress
Die
Reach a boss
Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die Die
Give up and explore somewhere else
Die
Can't get loot
Die
Level up "+3% cast speed"
Welp... Guess I'll die?
Die
Create a new character and equip yellow and unique items found with the first one
Get one shot from a random mob on the first map anyway

It's also really really slow with way too few enemies.
It's absurdly hard unless you play the right class with the right skills, and that will probably be nerfed anyway.
It also has all the issues from PoE1, from QoL ones like items being way too big for the inventory size, to the scarcity of ressources, game breaking modifiers (special mention to the mana leech aura that simply prevents my character from doing anything at all), negative resistance stats, absurd RNG range of damage received, not being able to actually make a proper build without online tools and trading, punishing mechanics and lifetime wasting xp-loss at higher levels, etc...

Yeah, some of it is good. It looks beautiful (though it doesn't run that well) and bosses are interesting and well designed (if only I could have some armor so I wouldn't instantly die from any of their attacks).
That's about it.

As it is, the game isn't really good. It's needlessly bloated and complicated, way too cheap on crafting and gold drops, and stupidly hard unless you play some specific meta builds, then it gets stupidly easy.

This is an overhyped poorly designed remake-ish of an already poorly designed game.

DO NOT BUY!!!!

I have never left a review before, but this is ridiculous. I just bought the game today thinking it looked great and for sure it is, game looks great, feels great, and plays great... IF YOU CAN GET IT TO WORK??!!! I have only 2.2 hours in the game and can't get passed the hardest boss in the game, A HARD RESET. Constantly having to restart my computer in fear of losing it, to which is brand new, all new custom build that can't handle it? F***ing wild. I will not change this review until it is fixed and i air everyone on a side of caution. DO NOT BUY

BLUF: Wish I could recommend this game, but currently I cannot. 

If you want help on deciding whether to get purchase within a few weeks of this post, please read on. If it's past Jan/Feb 2025 please read GGG's recent patch notes to see of why I won't play anymore has been fixed. 

[b]Reasons to purchase now:[/b] IF you want a challenging story campaign to play through, buy it now. IF you aren't sure about having WASD in an ARPG, holy crap does it change SO much in a wonderful way. IF you're ok with skipping end game and making tons of builds to mess around, buy now. IF you want an ARPG that ramps up the difficulty and can be genuinely challenging, this is worth. IF you loved POE 1 and for some bizarre reason haven't bought this already...I'm assuming you have real life constraints and are reading reviews to torture yourself. I won't kink shame.  

[b]Reasons to wait[/b] If you want a game that is polished enough for you to get FAR into end game w/o losing tons of progress, probably wait. If you remember ascendancy trials from POE 1 and don't want something 10X harder, then AVOID. If you're a casual gamer putting in a few hours a day who wants a ray of hope that you can complete your build, I'd hesitate. 

(If you want to play a game where parts or all of your build don't get frequently nerfed...my fellow human, why would you EVER play a game by GGG?)

[b]Genuine waste of my life[/b]: The honor mechanic is bullsh*t, especially when there are invisible things that can one shot you even with 75% honor resistance. I have been at full honor on the third floor, only to die from something on the ground that I cannot see. I'm talking about ~5k insta-killed by some sh*t in the sand that is invisible. One enemy somewhere on the edge of the screen puts something on the ground and BLAM! 

I've played for 85 hours, easily 12 of which have been dying somewhere on the third floor of the third ascendancy. I'm not rage quitting, I'm practicing depression avoidance. Because to try again would require an unhealthy amount of liquor. I'm genuinely sad to stop playing, because as a life long gamer there is SO much good to be said about this game, even at early access. 

TBC: The end game isn't great, but I'd still be playing. Sure, GGG nerfed the crap out multiple things I was playing around with. After minor rage over their fun blocking, I changed my builds and continued on. That's part of the cycle of gaming, [i]especially[/i] in early access. But the trials are, for me, impossible after the first two because of GRAPHICS that hide ground effects. There are some other graphical issues I might raise, but so many deaths wiping hours of progress is what did me in. 

If you somehow read this far, many thanks and happy gaming whatever you play!

If POE was what Diablo 3 should have been, this one is what Diablo IV should be.

Has some issues that are probably easy fixes but besides that a great ARPG with a lot of complexity

This game is so addicting! Grinding Gear really did a great job of improving upon the original! There is so much content for early access and I can't wait for the full release.

all decent character names already taken
garbage!

17 hours in and its a good time!
Didn't play PoE1.

> Login to have fun
> Scout for a citadel all day/night
> Get OS by the most random bullshit
> Alt+f4
> Build might get nerfed on monday randomly
> Repeat
Get a refund until they fix all the cringe stuff, otherwise if you get it for free ignore my review and login
PS : Delete Act III thanks

Resistances make no sense. Despite having over 40% in all elemental resistances (except chaos) and 60% armor, you still die to every boss in Act 2. Why is the story so unnecessarily difficult? If you want to introduce challenges, save them for the end-game maps.

Another issue is the loot system, which feels completely inadequate. Farming items yourself is nearly impossible—you’re forced to rely on NPCs or the player market. For instance, after fighting a challenging boss for ages, you’re rewarded with two blue items with terrible rolls and maybe a socketed item. It feels unrewarding.

I’ve given the game many chances, and no, I’m not bad at it—that was the exact problem with PoE 1 as well. You frequently get one-shot by random white mobs, which makes the gameplay frustrating.

I’ll wait for future updates and might revise my review then, but for now, I don’t believe it’s worth paying for.

Join game

    Attempt to leave camp, disconnected, failed to join instance

    Join game

    Attempt to leave camp, disconnected, failed to join instance

    Join game

    Port to Act 1, disconnected, failed to join instance

    Join game

    Port to Act 2, disconnected, failed to join instance

    Join game

    Leave camp, complete map, traverse to next area, disconnected, failed to join instance

    Join game, select character, disconnected, failed to join instance

    Join game, select another character, disconnected, failed to join instance

    Join game, make new character, play to Act 3 no issues...

Might need to give it some time.

better than d4

Amazing game for EA, with only less than half of the main story out I really enjoyed it thus far. The endgame is enjoyable and gives me reason to keep grinding by giving a directive to work towards. After the big patch a week ago most of my complaints have been resolved, so really nothing negative for me to say here!

Fun to play so far, it is some new thing from poe 1.  Mostly the same game mechanics. While there are some minor bugs, loading time is too long.

quite cool

Yea its good.

wow this garbage launcher and linking of account with steam is absolute garbage. if they wanted to design horrible experience on purpose they couldnt create a bigger piece of shit

POE1 is better

TOO DIFFICULT

Lots of fun and playability

Fantastic game, definitely recommend!

I was addict to flicker strike in POE 1. Now im addict in POE 2

YEP MONK ♥

End bosses of this game for each act, especially act 2 are ridicoulous, they just have too much hp, it takes 15-20 minutes to kill them, you need to repeat same stupid combinations for 20 minutes, 0 creativity, it is very discouraging and boring!

just finished the story part of the early access and I LOVED every minute of it, it's already the best ARPG I've ever played and it's only partly done
really excited to see how far this goes as they approach the full release

had a few minor hiccups like a few crashes in act 3 but nothing gamebreaking or serious enough to impact my fun with the game

so far...it has been worth the price

would be great if it didnt crash my pc

Much pow very wow.

I love Path of Items!

After completion of the campaign the game introduces you to this really cool end game GRIND. A slug fest in which you wont find any components to complete actual end game bosses to see content (Pinnacle Bosses etc). Instead you will be in Tier 15 waystone maps getting rewards that barely pay for your costs in Alch/Exalt/Vaal orbs that you used to juice the map up to make it worth. And on top of it the bosses have unnecessary one shot mechanics. You spend an hour clearing all these maps to a tower, then clear towers in which the phasing of the tower rooms negates being able to even see inside. Then you put a tablet in and juice up all surrounding map nodes, then clear to a boss node. Then get one shot by said boss and lose 15% exp, lose the map, the map node loses the boss. This game doesnt respect your time investment. End game is the most unrewarding system in all of ARPG's to date. GGG dropped the ball.

spent 500 quid to qualify for the the free access for this game, and still bought the 30 pound early access, thats how good this shit is

Best Diablo game after Diablo 2, maybe genre should be now reclacificated as Exile games ;-)

such a great game

So far, so good. It feels much simpler than the original POE - even beyond the main story line. Currently it's a little buggy but that's expected. I'm sure most of these goofy bugs won't be here in a few weeks.

LOL This is the first game im reviewing on steam and the first game I have bothered to review in a loooong time. 

I cant say enough good things about this game. Honestly I feel like any build is viable. Its nice to see you can literally make any character you want. Want to have a necromancer with a Two handed Maul. GO for it. I wouldnt recommend it but I wouldnt definitely play it hahaha. The skill tree is soooo expansive its almost jarring how big it is at first. You might feel lost at first playing the game. I feel the game does a good job of slowly easing a newer player to the poe universe into the game. Act 1 felt extremely slow but once I got past it and started in act 2. I suddenly realized the genius of it all. 

I think it was meant to be that way so you get used to hit boxes and dodge timing and skill chaining. At least for me that map made it very easy to figure those things out. The map you start off in, In Act 1 feels nice and spacious. Your not confined and because of that you have free reign to figure out how to fight. Then you get to that little mini boss in the middle. and it throws you into a ring where you have to figure out how to dodge in a small area. The more I think about it, the better I think act 1 was for new players. 

But this is alll coming from a completely new player of poe.

I love the game to say the least and I had never played the first poe.

In early access its fairly easy to say this game is miles better then Diablo 4 its not even a contest. To even compare the games, I can see why some people are. they look aesthetically similar but they couldnt be any more different. Miles better and this is an early access game where as diablo 4 was a full fledged AAA game that was in development for years. Its crazy to me, and yet I have no issue with saying Poe2 Is Hands down better and you should spend your money supporting this company at the very least. Instead of wasting away at blizzard which hasnt changed anything for years

The game is ridicously punishing. Exp loss on dead plus whole map loss on dead. The Ascendecy trials Set3 and Set4 are nearly impossible to do. Grind Gear Games has completely lost his mind.

early access review:  Only have 75 hours in, but its quite a good game.  Leveled multiple characters to end game.  I am not good at souls like games...and this one has some elements of souls games in so much as some of the fights are very punishing.  Right now end game has a pretty high rage quit meter...but the potential is there to be a GOAT'd game.

An absolute banger. Loving my HotG chronomancer so far :D

Perf

like d4 but actually fun!

LOGIN

Fun cozy game to play with friends or solo.

this is so shit ALL I WANT TO DO IS PLAY THIS GAME AND IT BRICKS EVERY FUCKING THING ON MY PC EVERY TIME I LOAD THIS GAME FML TOOK TWO WEEKS OFF TO PLAY AN UNPLAYABLE ALPHA

Only 12hrs at the time I'm writing this but already one of my favorite games of all time, some lags but most probably due to my old setup. 
Otherwise the game is awesome, lots of possibilities, way more easy to learn than it's predecessor. 
I think I'll spend even more time on it than PoE.

If you dont like spending time to get your character as powerful as possible to destroy packs of mobs and farm for days it's not for you, otherwise you can jump in as soon as you'd like!

Have fun in there with us!

Amazing game challenging but rewarding. Each boss fight is different you have to learn to adapt/

PoE


naissu

Yet another amazing game from GGG.  I've been playing Path of Exile 2 for a few weeks now, and I'm absolutely hooked. The game is massive, with tons of content to explore and hundreds of build possibilities. And as if that's not enough it's only half of the content they plan to release when it leaves early access! Combat is fast-paced and satisfying, and the visuals are stunning. I'm still in the early game, but I'm already having a blast. If you're a fan of ARPGs, I highly recommend checking out Path of Exile 2.

Incredible game and the fact that there's still more to come is awesome! You can tell the Devs put a lot of work and care into making this game.

Game is just alright. I'm level 40 and very rarely come across decent loot. You can spend hours trying to get better gear for your character and end up with nothing. Nothing to really grind for since the drop rates are horrible.

It's got the feels of the first Diablo games. Simple but effective skills attributes. I like that skills are interacting with each other. It's hard as it should, you need to work the game mechanics to destroy a boss. Not a game for people who want to win every time.

that skill forest is so nice to see

Great great so far, with a good combination of difficulty. Glad i have some friends to help whenever i get stuck on a boss. Skills and skill tree are a bit of a learning curve, but if you keep trying different combos you will find a powerful set. 9/10 at this time.

It is a fantastic game if you can get it to run more than 15 minutes. I've been having the notorious crash at loading screens that completely freezes PC's and forces hard resets.

Even in Early Access, Path of Exile 2 offers a fantastic, challenging campaign experience and some of the very best boss battles you can find in any ARPG. The end-game content is still very much a work in progress, so don't buy in expecting a 1000+ hour experience at this point.

Play the story and then stop it.Because the end game is just trash, was made to make you to suffer. Also they put Trials extra to make you vomit even thinking about that word.

The gameplay feels great and things like the new skill/gem systems is just flat out better than before. However it's early access and you can tell. It needs some work and it should be getting it. Very excited to see the next patch after the holidays.

"It's Diablo like"

I'm in the "Didn't like path of exile 1, but like path of exile 2" camp.

Needs more weapons, but very good and fun game for EA.

i die a lot

gud game!

Good game, that for sure, but the problems with crashes/freezes are very annoying. I have a nice pc and with other games i'm not having this issue. Maybe when they fix it i can reconsider my opinion, until then for me is a: definitly DON'T PAY for a broken game :)

While there are aspects that I definitely miss about POE, overall I have been pleased in my extremely short time playing POE2

it hits all the right spots

Feels like natural progression from poe1 in a quest for perfect aRPG. Great amount of content for only an early access beta! Only in act 3 and over 30h already. Enjoying myself with this game.

Path of Exile 2 is quite fun despite only having about half its planned content currently playable. With three more campaign acts on the way, five new weapons, and six entire new classes, I am eagerly waiting for more. Combat feels weighted in a good way and the progression mechanics are fairly simple even if they seem daunting at first.

As this is early access there are balance issues, performance quirks, bugs, and a number of design choices such as an external trading system that will leave you scratching your head and wondering if it's nearly 2025 or not. Endgame is pretty dull and boring at the moment but PoE2 is still active development.

Overall, I've quite enjoyed the tremendous amount of time I've sunk into this is the last two weeks and will be coming back as updates are released. If you're a fan of the ARPG genre and are willing to be part of the test and development environment that is early access, Path of Exile 2 might just be your next addiction.

I played POE1 for a number of seasons before, but never really fell in love with the game. But POE2 has fixed many of the issues I had with the previous game, it still needs some fixing but I trust the developers. Game is fun, challenging early but not frustrating. End game still needs work, but it will get there in time. Happy to jump in on this during early access, it's more polished than most already.

It's good.

I've refunded it because it's too fun and I don't want to sacrifice all of my free time playing it.

This game is everything Diablo 4 wishes it was. Diablo is diet coke, this is coke. Diablo is ordering pizza from a chain, this is that tiny Italian place your friend's grandmother runs where the dough has been perfecting for generations.

Want a skill tree? Diablo gives you a bush. PoE2 gives you the entire Amazon rainforest. Want build variety? Diablo offers you 64 colors of the same crayon, while PoE2 hands you the entire art supply store and says "go wild."

Don't get me wrong - Diablo 4 is a perfectly fine game. It's like a comfortable pair of slippers. But PoE2? That's like strapping rockets to your feet and calling it footwear. It's excessive, it's probably dangerous, but it's damn good fun.

Shits good

Fuck Resistances

I'll be honest. I didn't put the hours into PoE1.  I just could not get into it, and I feel the same way with this one.

Skill-tree is pretty deep and interesting, but running dungeons is a chore and extremely boring.  

Bag space is quite limited.  Loot seems uninteresting when I compared this to something like Grim Dawn.

I found myself casting 1 spell over and over to get through most mobs.  Every boss fight felt a bit samey with the 'dodge after you attack' mechanic becoming commonplace.  The only props in dungeons are vases that explode when you touch them.  You can't smash tables or chairs in your path, but the these props can get in your way if you cast movement spells near them.  Kinda frustrating, and even moreso in a group because of players colliding with each other and getting stuck.

I'll give this game a chance, but man f2p is weird with the entire bag space store.  I won't even get started on that.

Didn't play the first game or any diablo games but i took a chance on this game and it's really good. the optimization is not great but i can overlook that. 10/10 for me

Massive love, its soo much fun.

Big player of Diablo II and D2LOD, probably spent 3 years of my childhood grinding out Windforce bows and Occys.

Hyped for Diablo IV when it was teased,  pre-ordered the game and was satisfied with the first 50 levels (the campaign basically) and then spent another 100 hours grinding out to level 100 and gearing. The game became mindless and boring.

I couldn't get into POE (the first game) because I felt too intimidated to start the game after it had been out for so many years.

I've already put 75 hours into this game since it became available and I'm only on my first character, I just completed the campaign and I'm beginning the endgame map grind. The amount of builds in this game, the amount of customisation of your character has from an ability / power standpoint is just mind-blowing. I hope I'll be playing this game for years to come because it doesn't just scratch the itch, it gives you a brain massage while getting the itch scratched. 

Love it, great work from GGG and I hope to see more content and more of this masterpiece unveil itself as time moves.

warrior is weak

5/5

Consider. The. Genre. Redefined

fun through campaign. fun after getting to endgame "maps"

As an alpha, i give some leniency, but it does have some rough edges.

Overall smooth game and a step up from PoE. There's some big shoes to fill there, I'll be watching update logs closely.

I can´t name myself HorseSemenChugger

First time POE Player and enjoy POE2. Diablo 4 was not doing it for me. But POE2 did

The Game is great. The micro store is a lot but that's cosmetics so eh. I highly recommend the game.

Good game, but a total bug fest, and Im not talking about minor issues, there are game braking bugs that prevent completing the endgame with some of the builds. The Demon Form Witch ascendancy has so many broken parts, that its not even funny, the fact that the game just crashes when you reach the final boss that grants you the final 2 ascendancy points, means this has never passed any kind of QA.
This was not ready for an early access release, this is a beta version at best, skip it for now, I will check again in a year.

Early Access Review:

I've never played PoE 1, I like PoE 2, I think it's better than Diablo 4. D4 isn't bad, it is easier and more relaxed, PoE 2 is more methodical and focused but can be punishing at times. Some bosses feel tuned a bit high, but it is a good experience over all.

Pros:
- Fun to play
- Tons of abilities with interesting synergy
- Engaging combat with dodging
- Great enemy diversity
- Excellent visual and audio direction

Cons:
- Bosses early game can be a bit punishing
- Good gear is hard to come by (though you will find plenty of gear for other builds)

GOOD GAMA

defintly not right now not worth the 30USD 47CAD right now, as a POE player myself, I admire GGG for the innovation and creativity, but the games not very well optimized lots of glitching, network lag even though I have 1gb internet speed 3080 gpu barely hits about 60fps, the body blocking and pushing makes the game feel EXTREMELY clunky on all classes because about 15 mobs blocking stunning and pushing you while moving at 300% movement speed with no buffs on them is normal i guess? white mobs having enough hp and dps to 2 shot you, this game is defintly not new player friendly no where near it... the skill tree is some how WORSE??? how did you manage that??? way worse, basically all the nodes you want are spread out on the tree to focus on 1 playstyle for the tree so if you want full physical dmg as a merc or bow you cant untill level like 60-70, dude there is so much more wrong with this game.... I can go on all day, Best part about this game is the graphics, the boss design and the story, all of these are  A+ s Tier but the bosses are hit or miss, Im stuck at a boss that has 2 bosses at once, 1 boss is mele with range skills the other is a Mage that can hit me 3 times and kill me with shifting spells, the Mele boss  can 1 shot me with his range abilitys and 2 shot me with the mele ones, Defence is incredibly hard to build early game because of the lack of drops on currency and decent gear, the vendors Sell CRAP gear idk how players say they sell good stuff??? WHERE IS THIS GOOD GEAR??? its all white blue gear??? Just no guys dont play it yet wait untill it fully releases and play for FREE, the cash shop items for nice stuff is still like 40$ per outfit+ they actuaally have a 90$USD outfit lmfao how is league bashed for their expensive outfits and no other games??!?!? Ill make a video on this when I reach endgame but right now 3/10 game not worth paying for with all the games on sale now, but I say this with love for GGG's vision I see it just needs alot more polish.... Games not hard its just handycapped lol

Very enjoyable and fast paced hack & slash.  Great graphics, overall look and feel a bit dull, as is the choice of weapons.

Game is absolutely fun but ruthless at times. Know that going in. Starting out with no gear / gems / or items is a long slow frustrating drag through campaign getting 1-2 shotted but the 2nd char will be easier using the items you obtained first play through.
Mobs come in herds.....re-spawn when you die and rush you hard....AOE and more AOE fills the screen with non stop dodging crap.
Lag and crashes but its in the 1st month so give it time.
Once geared though campaign is very fun.
End game currently is just doing maps / maps / maps / maps till you get bored and log off but once again its still early.

Every few loading screens, the game will freeze my computer completely.
The only solution is holding down the power button.

The frequency combined with the severity of said problem unfortunately makes me not be able to recommend the game.
While some bugs can be ignored and some even funny, this one is sadly one of the worst I have experienced.

Hope the devs focuses on solving this issue asap.
The game overall is enjoyable and I will be changing this review once this issue has been fixed.



Amazing

The game has potential, but the loot absolutely sucks, the only way to progress is to buy gear. You can not farm it yourself. Stay away until they fix the total support of Chinese gold farming operations. Maybe just me, But I feel no satisfaction in never getting loot drops that are for my class, and when I do, its absolute garbage. Fighting bosses for an All white gear loot drop is AWESOME.

Excellent extension to one of the greatest ARPG's of all time. Defineately go into it remembering it is early access. Enemies and boss fights are way overtuned, but a lot of those things will be adjusted over time. If you have never played POE before, I'd suggest waiting until full release to really form an opinion. There is still a lot to be added to the game.

I like getting my ass clapped on repeat. But somehow i keep coming back for more and more. I wonder why...LOOT goblin. But seriously give it a shot you wont be dissapointed


best game ever made after poe  1

Huge Diablo II fan when I was a kid, spent countless hours on it.
Gave up on Diablo III after a few months, enjoyed the last couple of seasons before Diablo IV.
Even though I can afford it, the money I spent on Diablo IV + Expansion never really felt it was worth it.

Tried PoE the week before PoE2, and finally decided to try PoE2, and man I can safely say I'm not a Diablo Convert.

I haven't gotten to the End Game yet, but while I was going through the campaign, almost every time I play I am amazed such a game even exists. They perfected the Diablo II formula with the graphics, sound, and moment to moment game play.

You do not need a guide to have fun, but it may be necessary to get far into the game / end game. It really depends on how you approach this game.

But definitely recommend this game.. 9/10

Best ARPG ever

Don't believe all the people that are being negative towards this game. Its fun, challenging, the creation of these maps are really worked on and the bosses you fight are crazy looking!! Get it, dont be afraid to hit a wall and get stuck, you'll eventually  get the jist of it Most importantly, HAVE FUN!!!! I know I am!

I recently stopped playing WOW. I have tried to get into countless games since and nothing was that interesting....until POE2. Even pre release this game is awesome. What a great game and its not even finished.

So far so good. Got a warrior at 31 and a monk at 23. Only issue I'm having so far is that the scaling seems off for multiple players. being a level 31 going to help my wife at 11 and was getting destroyed by things less than 1/2 my level. All characters feel squishy

If you like collecting loot and you get excited about percentages, then this game is for you.

awesome

Love the game, very good for a beta.

bow character

Absolute masterpiece. Even thought it's early access the game already is incredibly large and complex. But the complexity is delivered in such a way that feels challenging yet is easy to understand and play around. Also in less than 2 weeks of early access there were already several big changes and a lot of fixes, that shows the level of attenshion to the game by GGG. So far in my progression (lvl 84 witch in tier 12 waystones) I can totally say that Path of Exile 2 is not only worth it's 30$, but way way more than that. Peak gaming experience.

It's pretty amazing. They did great work so far.

A really nice approach for an arpg game.I like the difficulty spike and the slower pace of it even though it  would be nice for it to ramp up during endgame.Story including the 3/6 acts was fun including a variety of enemies and for the most part well designed bosses.Things start feeling like a chore on maps(endgame) since things are starting to get repetitive and you can lose goods amount of progress by dying to unbalanced attacks.Not to mention the way gearing works on endgame where you spend most of your time managing your own store selling rare and uniques for currency that you are gonna  use to buy even more gear for yourself  only to realise that noones buying your items and you have no way to make actual valid upgrades.Game was advertised about its complex endgame and replayability but im personally like many others underwhelmed by its current state.Still love the game though potential is crazy, giving it the benefit of the doubt considering this is only 2 weeks post release of EA

Great Game!

The crashes are a bit annoying rn tho. early access moment!


just don't play warrior and you'll have fun

Better than Diablo

fun

good game solo isn't bad but best played with friends.... was gifted to me, and have enjoyed it!!

Its like getting teleported back to 1990-2000 when games were great. Buy early access support the developers

screen go boom

THIS GAME WILL BE FREE SOON!!!!!!!!!! DO NOT BUY, JUST WAIT AND YOU CAN HAVE IT FOR FREE!!! This game is so fucking shameless in so many ways, it's actually so disappointing to see how much praise it's getting. This is exactly Diablo in every single way, I wish I was joking. Fuck this game, fuck the people who made it, and fuck you for supporting this dogshit practice of selling THE BETA TO A FREE TO PLAY GAME.

Solid game. I had the totally wrong idea about PoE as some sort of Diablo knock-off, but it's actually just a great ARPG.

Enjoy learning a new game, playing top down dungeon crawler? Good then buy this, its not done yet and people are only talking about the OP builds but have fun, things are changing and new builds will rise and old ones will fall, New weapons, and New playable characters will be out soon.

Ladies and gentlemen, I stand before you not as a mere gamer, but as an advocate for truth, authenticity, and the pure essence of gaming that has been lost in the modern era of commercialization. Much like our environment has been corrupted by the unchecked forces of industry, so too has the gaming landscape been tainted by games that prioritize profit over passion. Until now.

Path of Exile 2 emerges as a beacon of hope, a return to the roots where gameplay reigns supreme, not unlike the way we must return to our natural roots for true health and sustainability. This game, developed by Grinding Gear Games, is no mere sequel; it's a revolution in the realm of action RPGs, much like the one we need in our society for transparency and autonomy.

Let's start with the core - the combat. Unlike Diablo 4, which has succumbed to the banalities of mainstream design, favoring a sanitized, crowd-pleasing approach, Path of Exile 2 insists on a combat system that demands your full engagement. It's slower, yes, but deliberate, much like our need to slow down from the frenetic pace of modern life to truly appreciate what's in front of us. Here, each swing of your sword, each cast of your spell, carries weight; it's an experience that echoes the meticulous care we should take with our environment. You're not just clicking through enemies; you're strategizing, adapting, learning - a true test of your skill and patience.


And then there's the customization - the freedom to mold your character into something uniquely your own. This isn't about microtransactions or pushing you towards a one-size-fits-all gameplay style. No, this is about crafting your own destiny, much like we must take control of our personal health and not rely on the pharmaceutical giants dictating our choices. The skill tree in Path of Exile 2 is vast and intricate, a testament to player autonomy, something we desperately need in more aspects of our lives.


The story of Path of Exile 2 is not just a narrative; it's an experience, woven with threads of darkness and redemption, much like the stories we need to hear in our real world to remind us of our capacity for change and growth. While Diablo 4 might dazzle with its polish, it lacks the soul, the raw storytelling that connects you to the world of Wraeclast in a way that feels real, feels human.

In contrast to Diablo 4's often overwhelming loot system, Path of Exile 2 respects your time and intelligence by providing loot that matters, where every drop can lead to a significant upgrade or a new strategy. This is not about flooding you with meaningless gear but about quality and impact, akin to how we should approach resource management in our world.


Lastly, the bosses in Path of Exile 2 are not just enemies; they are challenges, learning experiences. They demand respect, preparation, and skill - something I wish our political and corporate leaders would embody. Each encounter is memorable, forcing you to adapt, much like we must adapt to the challenges our society faces.

In essence, Path of Exile 2 isn't just better than Diablo 4; it's a game that champions the values of depth, authenticity, and personal engagement over superficiality and mass appeal. It's a game for those who seek truth, challenge, and a narrative that resonates with our struggle for autonomy in an increasingly controlled world. Here, in Wraeclast, we find not just entertainment, but a reflection of the fight for integrity in our own lives. Play this game not just for the thrill, but for the lesson in resilience, creativity, and the power of individual choice. Remember, like in life, in gaming, we should choose depth over distraction.

Best ARPG to date, this is a masterpiece. Extremely addicting, engaging gameplay, fenomenal graphics and art style. Can't recommend enough!

10/10

beats D4 by a mile...

can you please fix the loading screen freeze?
it's god damn awful

I think this is my first time writing a review for a game. Poe2 has some problems but nothing that would make it unfun EXCEPT for the honor system in trial of sekhmet. It's a worthless mechanic that adds nothing but frustration.

Much simpler but also not as complex as POE 1 because the numbers are smaller and the skills are easier to get. Improved graphics and play style with a more ergonomic crawl to it. We all know who's it's great grandfather is but it's a nice alteration in comparison to other dungeon crawlers. It's nice to see a player base again.

I think the biggest thing I have against the game is the lagging and or disconnection from the game all together.  My machine is not low in terms of CPU power, but I just can't seem to find the right settings to where I can avoid hiccups.  The most recent thing is half way through the 3rd or 4th trial of ultimatium to get another ascendancy point, the game crashes.

I'll keep trying to find a solution, but it's frustrating that lowering all graphics settings to low still doesn't solve the problem.

Another ARPG which makes you chase the meta build which everyone consolidates on rather than allowing you to develop a personal and enjoyable play style. Was expecting it to be fun but guess the grind and frustration is not for me. Too many hours spent chasing gear and grinding mobs to handle a boss fight.

Gotta cook a bit. Smells good though

Better than cocaine

I'm not really a fan of this genre (not sure what to call it, but games like Diablo, etc.), However this is one of the best games I've ever played. I am addicted and it has really changed my thoughts on this type of game. 10000% recommend!

Can't even access the game. Paid for it, and met with nothing but issues trying to access it. The launcher says "You do not have access to early access. Bribe a friend or purchase early access" what a joke. Yet another example of game devs insisting on having their own trash launcher for their game. Have contacted support, to no avail. Guess I'll give it a shot when it exits early access. 👎

I hope its gonna be free to play whole game's life.

it has the enemy swarms of an arpg coupled with the slower methodical attacks of a souls-like. idgi.

Probably the best game I've played this year. Highly recommend it.

Very impressed with this game so far. Definitely an upgrade from POE1. And the graphics are good af!

End game is extremely disrespectful to the players time. Maps should not be closed upon a single players death. Also a death recap would be extremely useful.  
"Crafting" is gambling.

Had a great time playing up into endgame then extremely shitty experience.

Game is amazing. Enough said! :D

hrgnhhhh number go up

It's like Diablo. Only in slow motion. With poor story. And bosses where, even if you know the mechanics, are one-shotting you anyway, even if you're two-three levels above them.

Just annoying. Wait until it becomes free to try.

And controller support? Yes, you can use a controller. But it's an extremely frustrating experience. Annoying as hell.

Feels fresh but way far from polish compared to the Diablo franchise. Tons of tuning needs to be done.

Gemling Merc here. D/C probably about 2938726302387409238409238650723470289374 times in the 100 hours I've put in. Some say its a shaders error, some say the game sucks and hasn't optimized the game yet. Game was very enjoyable to play. Great way to end 2024.

very good


Best game

The game is great overall and if you are a big fan of ARPGs there is no reason not to play it. I have been having an absolute blast, though there are some drawbacks. I had the assumption that POE2 would make Diablo 4 all but dead, but that isn't the case. There are a LOT of quality of life decisions that Diablo 4 has made that still in my opinion make it the superior ARPG. 

The lack of QOL things in POE2 is astounding. I will name a few off the top of my head:
1. Scrolls of Wisdom: requiring players to identify items before they can see the stats is utterly pointless, Diablo 4 proved this after removing all identification mechanics from the game. Don't waste my time have to click on a NPC to identify my items before I begin sorting the trash out.

2. Partying and grouping: lots of stuff here is missing starting with the feeling of wanting to group with friends. In D4 I played with about 6 people consistently, we were ALWAYS in groups together. I'm level 83 right now and I have not grouped with anyone except to kill like 3 low level bosses my friends couldn't kill. 
Group looting.... with the way group looting functions I don't really want to group with friends because then we will have to properly split the loot up so one of us isn't getting 0 loot. All loot that drops is available for anyone in the party to pick up. Diablo 4 solved this issue and many other ARPGs along with it with personal loot. The loot that drops is only able to be picked up by me and if I want to give it to a friend, I can. This is the better group looting scenario by all aspects. If a divine orb drops and I get all excited to see it drop, but then my buddy grabs it first or we have to spend time splitting it up evenly with exalts, thats just additional time wasted.

A big QOL mechanic in D4 is I only receive loot for my class. Need I say more? Most loot I get in POE2 I just sell it off and buy the gear I want. I don't think I have worn a single item that I have received as a drop. I understand crafting is a big aspect to getting gear you can use, but I don't like crafting at all in any game, period.

I love necromancers, the POE1 necromancer was likely my favorite necro in all ARPGs... I do not like the spirit system and having to reserve and have a certain amount of spirit to be able to have a permanent minion, then if u want certain curses or such, that also reserves spirit so you have to split your spirit between minions and skills that may reserve spirit.... As a necromancer I just want to have like 30+ "PERMANENT" minions and watch them wreck things. That brings up the very temporrary minions like raging spirits and zombies and undearth... whoever thought temporary minon satisfy my hunger for having a lot of minions following me around made a bad assumption. I don't want to have to consistently cast flamewall to summons my SRS or any skill to continuously summon my temporary minions for a few seconds and then do it all over again. I just want permanent minions, and more than say 10-15.. I want like 30-80.... 

The incessantly long campaign that took me 60 hours to do was a large part of why i didnt play with friends... just like in D4 where we didnt really play together during the campaign because we wanted to experience the story is the same here but D4s campaign was around 12-15 hours or so and that is acceptable. After beating the campaign with 1 character you can skip it with any following characters, WHAT A HUGE QOL feature so I can make new characters and IMMEDIATELY start playing with my friends. I don't really want to experience a 60 hours campaign with my friends that would require us to consistently play at the same time so neither of us fall behind... 

I dunno, there is just a LOT of QOL features missing here and I hope they bring a lot to the table on release. 
Also, hitboxes for certain menu things like right clicking a party member to trade with your or invite to party... get those hit boxes bigger!!! If your mouse isnt in the right spot on the word trade or invite then it doesn't click, I should be able to click on the very edge of a button in the UI and it click, period.

This game is great. Best example of a Diablo II since Diablo II.

I get that it is early access - but freezing EVERY 10 minutes on this game.  I love to play it WHEN I can.  I have more than enough PC and have tried all of the fixes online and it still crashes.  Stop worrying about fixing ppls loot wants and fix the stability of the game.

having a blast so far! didnt play poe. playing slow and not looking up guides. bosses are awesome! graphic and game play are great.

It's great and challenging. I love how you can really make your character your own with the skill tree and all the options. It's like what Diablo on crack wishes it could be. If you liked the watered down Diablo game you'll probably love POE2.

9/10
pros:Gameplay

cons: there no crafting its gacha system . some boss do one shot like stupid example Jamanra, the Abomination when he use that shit spire can oneshot fast. end game.... litle boring. you cant use control and mouse in same time when your control shutdown the game will logout you. there some bugs with control.
the only thing i hate in this game is there realy no crafting here its gamble;gacha game, all my gear from trade im never got good gear from currency they need... noo they must must add crafting system or rework.
and the last thing..... that @*$@ drop rate rarity item you can watch video in youtube someone have 220% drop rate rarity and you will surprise for what he will got big example the bug farm before they nerf it i was use this method also and i got 2 div, they need remove that drop rate item rarity from gear and make good RNG for the currency.

Gambling simulator

Epic!

Yes

Poe and rivals the same month .... Fu Blizzz

do it!

Very good gameplay but no fun at endgame. It's more punishing than a Dark Soul. You die by enemies you don't even see in screen. You die and lose almost all your exp.

If you don't play with OP friends, don't play

Fun and casual pick up game

its better then diablo 4 :)

Optimal game loop. Christmas came early

its fun

one of the very best

The best ARPG at this time.

end game is horrible, trading is clunky and time consuming and very easy to fall into the trap of having no gear worth trading to push for better gear on tier 15 and above, and you'll never drop anything you need. Honey moon period is over and i wont be coming back till full release.

I'm enjoying the game so far but there is too much stuttering and lag spikes that makes the game unplayable


Game is amazing first time playing a RPG its fun.

After 30H suddenly lost access to the game seems like I'm not the only one. Might turn review back to positive depending on how fast the issue is fixed

This game is fun. great action. responsive controls. i was surprised that the story was decent too.

Best game ever! All is Perfect!

Địt mẹ hitbox, hitbox :')

For early access this is everything I've wanted in a next gen ARPG. Looking forward to seeing where we end up on full release.

💩

Everything else feels good in this game expect that damn browser trade system.


Simply wow, far better than POE 1 (an excellent game itself). Far more difficult, but more rewarding, we have to think of a strategy

good graphics and awsome game ...



I like the game, its way better than the first one which never able to really tie me down. I like the story how is it unfold and the dark world.

Runs a little choppy and does not use computer harware well, but its a great time and even better with friends

D4 bad, POE2 good.

Buy it!!!!!!

fix your servers

yay

yes

A+

amazing

i love it

Classes are fun, campaign is well done.

Lets play a game of dodge...2

Very different from the original Path of Exile except as you approach the endgame. Still in early access so the differences may become more pronounced later. The current crafting and currency drops feels very unbalanced which will hopefully be addressed in the future without destabilising the economy. I will say that PoE 2 is much more accessible than the first. If you're not sure you'd like it, I recommend just waiting for it to get out of early access so you can try it out especially if you aren't a fan of PoE 1. People who do like the genre and are willing to invest might want to see it develop but there's not much FOMO to worry about because this game feels solid and will continue into the future alongside the first game.

Game itself is fine but customer support is tragical, they really need to improve it. Also I got lag spikes sometimes.

amazing game

Laggy and boring
Imo the game makes it quite hard to like it, especially because the early game is horrendous

The undisputed king of aRPGs returns

You no longer need 17 PHd's to get to level 60! 

(maybe just a couple)

Seriously though the game is amazing and you should absolutely play it! By far the deepest ARPG franchise on planet Earth. Literally infinite possibilities!

I will copy and paste since its very long and this user summed up the experience really well.
From user u/Ynead on reddit:

I'm kinda done with poe2 EA as I beat all bosses available, multiple times. So here's my review :

[h2] The Good : [/h2]

- Stunning environement and SFX. Everything truly looks good.

- 90% of bosses are really fun to fight.

- Killing mobs feels really good with most skills. Comet shattering packs, shock sfx on bodies afterward, etc.

- Amazing soundtrack as usual.

- Meeting character like Doryani & Balbala is awesome after hearing so much about them in poe1.

- The campaign map is pretty good, seeing boss kills permanent bonuses is helpful.

- The atlas map looks cute.

- Vaaling is more fun, as the risk is inherently lower than in poe1.

- The weapon swap system is a brilliant idea, aside from the slight delay when swapping weapons.

- Pausing

- WASD movement is incredible.

[h2] The Bad [/h2]

- On-death effects are exhausting. I say that as a spark spellweaver, with a massive ehp pool and CI , so I can facetank all on-death without issue. I can't imagine what people playing life-based char are feeling right now.

- Mobs' speed is frustrating. I feel like deleting whole screens at once is the best way to survive because you WILL meet a pack of hasted rare that WILL bodyblock and stunlock you to oblivion.

- Combat was advertised as methodical. It isn't after like act 3. Mobs are no different from poe1 while most builds are stuck at poe2 powerlevel.

- Ascending isn't very fun. I'm glad I crushed all trials with CoC comet before it got destroyed. "Sanctum" is blatantly unfair to some builds, while Ultimatum is absurdly overtuned. The biggest issue is that both of those are so full of RNG from afflictions / mods. I can't believe this is worse than lab.

- The gem system is strangely restrictive. Most spells and support aren't available until very late in Cruel. 6L are very expensive for casual players, and discourage experimentation since they're linked to a single gem.

[h2] The Ugly [/h2]

- Mapping

- Horrible map layouts being forced on players. I feel that not being able to set-up a 50 maps farming session, with a good tileset is 60%+ of the reason why poe2 mapping is so exhausting.

- Augury and Myre. Maps need to be shortened by at least 50%, and add a boss to every map.

- Backtracking for a single rare. Having to kill every rare.

- Towers feel like a complete waste of time. They should either be "open" whenever an adjacent map is completed, or be a single boss fight room. Imagine being forced to run a Pillars of Arun in poe1 everytime you want to use a sextant.

- Having to scrolls for 40s in the new atlas. No search bar, no way to zoom out to see everything in graph form.

- Atlas skill points being locked behind their respective boss fight. Why ? It feels awful. You're forced to gamble on an expensive invitation 4 times to not lose currency. With 1 portal. You should simply have to complete league encounters in higher and higher tiers maps...

- MF returning is 100% a mistake, especially in its current form, affecting currency as well as item drops. Poe1 finally (partially) excised that tumor in 3.25 by removing quant. Please do the same. I won't launch into a 50k word manifesto on MF and its numerous shitty side effects, other people have already done it on this sub.

- 1 portal for pinnacle bosses is absurd. I don't care about bosses being fully healed after 1 death, but ONE try, for an unknow boss with requires hours to farm? Come on.

- The Arbiter fight needs fixing. Sometimes you can't avoid death without a weaponswap blink. As usual , the best way deal with this is just to delete him before he does anything.

- Crafting

- Slamming orbs while closing your eyes is gambling, not crafting. 99% of players are priced out of targeting omens so the crafting system is just a wisdom scroll with extra steps. Fractured items should be reintroduced asap.

- Greater Essences are far too rare.

- Targeting omens are far too rare.

- Build balancing. I'm sad that GGG is back to their old way of deleting builds rather than taking the time to balance them (CoC, CoF..). I think it's very telling that the most popular builds are those that play the most like poe1 (spark, gaz arrow deadeye, LA deadeye). 1 button, screen clear builds. I'm convince that if GGG makes builds like those unplayable, the game will be hemorrhaging players in the endgame.

- Trade. I don't really need to say more.

- Frankly, my main problem with all those issues is that most of them have already been dealt with in poe1. That's what make is so infuriating.

Atm I would give poe2 a 9/10 for visuals, sound effects, etc. But a 4/10 for system design. It feels actively hostile, like the devs don't want players to have fun. Poe1 and 2 teams need to speak with each other.

Most of all, GGG needs to understand that you can't be on your toes for 5h in a row. The game requires some chill farms and builds. Poe2 is just stressful in a way very few games are.

I'll preface by saying this is my introduction into the genre, and I barely ever played ARPGs. 

This is definitely the best ARPG game I've played, the campaign is top notch and the boss fights are superb with very satisfying mechanics to learn and adapt to.

The skill tree is amazing and very fun to experiment with, and the inventory management and trading are top notch. 

However, above were my thoughts up until the campaign has ended. I personally find the endgame content a bit repetitive and lackluster, and the strongest point in the campaign which was the satisfying mechanics and boss fights - was felt the least post endgame. 

I also feel like it would be interesting to explore more raids-like content similar to other RPGs in the endgame, with complex mechanics to solve together with teamplay. 

Nevertheless, this game is a blast and in an amazing state for Early access. 

Score: 8/10.

It's good

great new d5 game

Random Crash (probably due to a random encounter to a random person in the open world??) All in all, It ended up freezing my whole Intel I9 4090 S beefed up computer and crashed on a few rare occurences!! Amazing game already, hope to see better performance improvements and story elements!! Sorry and ty for doing a gr8 job devs. :)

Great combat!

Early access review:

My first ARPG. After I finished campaign I mostly play it muted while listening to youtube videos.

Pro:

- Keeps you busy for a long time
- Artistic style is good, and not even skins ruining it
- Production quality is high
- Bosses are enjoyable
- Difficulty is well balanced for me

Cons:
- Too large maps, especially in Act 3
- Endgame has little to no tutorials
- Crafting has too much RNG

great game

this is how diablo4's gameplay should have been, imo

big dick for sure

constant crashes

Great ARPG

Crash hard locks my PC on load screen and have to hard reset computer. Potentially damaging bug. Avoid until fix.

best arpg

This review is coming from a 4500+ hrs Path of Exile 1 player and I will give my current review on second game.

Pros:
- Much better graphics
- Lots of QoL (e.g. no more links and sockets for 6L, no more portal scrolls, no more piano flasking, charms functioning automatically)
- Dark Souls type of rolling without any cost (why not)
- Boss designs (trash act boss is more mechanical than some endgame content of Path of Exile 1)
- Ultimatum being kinda part of base game (I love the content)
Cons:
- Overall map design (too much dead ends with uninteresting poor routing, lack of open areas)
- Lack of proper crafting even for early access
- Acts repeating (should not happen even intentionally, release unique 6 acts before EA release)

40 hrs progress at the moment, still noobie of the game. I would update my review after some time.

GOOD GAME


fun

So far feels so good; barley level 14 witch but i'm addicted.

Game is not done. Game is already good.

The game itself is good but the ping lag is horrible, so many players experience it and the issue is still not fixed

playing a necro has never felt so unenjoyable to play

.

One step forward, 2 steps back.



You will be bored. It's overhyped.

Glorious

I played 140+ hours and game was pretty great, unfortunately there are too much frustrating elements, mechanics and others. Endgame is really boring after few days but as for EA game it's already not bad, Unfortunately garbage like for example "trial of sekhema" take out all of fun when after 40 min some random monster/trap one shot you even with full resistances. 
I believe it will go only better and it will get highly improved but atm I'm not able to recommend it to players who don't know this game for 10 years from poe1 and know all about this game. It was supposed to be also available for new players but it's not for now.
And again - more than 120+ hours was fun so it's might be still good for people who don't care about endgame and this kind kind of things as mentioned.

Also there is huge problem with efficiency - game just slows 90% if there is more monsters. I hope this is just EA.

ta weno

I would suggest waiting for Early Access to be over as tons is currently missing from the time of this review. And, they *still* insist on a trade-website instead of an AH/Bazaar system which I personally think is garbage design. In Epoch for example, if you choose SSF you get massive loot buffs. Or you can alternatively use their AH. Imo Last Epoch is the better ARPG. I wouldn't mind SSF in this game if the crafting system were better, but it's really bad at the moment. The amount of grinding required to craft the completely RnG item you need to progress is way too high. It might take you several days of grinding to get the exalted orbs you need to then spend several thousand gold gambling for the right stats.

Provides a good challenge. Makes you think. I've enjoyed the discovery phase of this and I'm still not to end game. Can't wait for end game grinds.

I love this game. I really do, but the nerfs that are being applied are down right retarded. I have a ranger with Escape Shot. I got it because it has a high freeze chance and you do cool ass flip maneuver. THE SKILL ITSELF tells you that its not meant for damage, rather it's freeze effect. Well now that ice has a global debuff now Escape Shot not only still sucks ass for damage, but now it doesn't even do what it was intended to do, which is QUICKLY FREEZE ENEMIES! The skill is WORTHLESS! Which sucks ass because the skill was so cool and fun to use! I literally deleted the skill gem once I saw how hard they dicked on ice. I should feel like a god while i'm playing this game. It's the whole damn point! I'm fighting hordes of demons and shit that can 1-hit me and you're telling me after spending 30hrs building my ice move up to be able to walk through the crowds and feel like a complete baddass, i just straight up can't anymore because some dipshit on twitch or youtube streamed themselves with a broken character that THEY SPECED TO BE BROKEN and then complain that they do too much damage is fucking absurd! Oh you're broken character that you specifically made to be broken is too powerful? Oh man poor you....suck my dick. Get out of my face, you piece of shit you ruined it for everyone else. That's like playing DMC and complaining that Dante does too many combos..."duhh it was too cool and i'm dumb and retarded, so nurff it please, i'm a streamer duh hurr durr." and like the Lightning debuff that happened, what, the 16th of Dec? Devs... WHY IN THE FUCK would you nerf lighting and then simultaneously add nodes to the passive skill tree for more lighting damage/effect?? Who needs to be fired for making a brain crippling thought like that? What sense does that make? And I don't even want to hear, "Oh well actually, it's only electrocute that's nerfed." Shut up. Just don't. You're doing more damage if you incorporate the new nodes! Don't even try to make that argument. Lightning is freakishly overpowered to begin with. Or like the charges you get. Power, frenzy and endurance. You have like 6 fucking ways to generate a power charge, while frenzy and endurance have only 2. Frenzy is BIG DICKED ON. Pin, in my opinion barley fuckin works. so you can't really generate a frenzy charge using pin with Combat Frenzy. ALSO since ice is nerfed. you have a reduced chance to generate frenzy charges because it works off of freeze build up, which you guessed it, is the one thing they nerfed most with ice, leaving lighting. look, i like lighting, but this is path of exiles, not path of lighting. EVERYONE is on the lighting bandwagon! I wanna be different. The passive skill tree is complex and gigantic specifically so you can make the super cool builds, the painstakingly really shitty builds, the stupid fun for a few minutes and the novelty wears off builds. That's what it's about! You can build a warrior to basically be a mage. is it gonna be good? maybe not, but you can do it! My hand is being forced to play lightning at this point and I hate it. Oh, and the fact that endurance and power charges can be generated at such a higher rate than frenzy is stupid. Why can I just generate a power charge pretty much whenever I the fuck I want but frenzy...I can only gain every 5secs. if i'm in a party and and we're getting swarmed, I NEED FRENZY CHARGES. bam bam bam, pin, freeze, crit, badaboom badabing frenzy charges, now I can come in and explode the swarming horde with poison gass explosions! I saved the day! No wipe, no reset, everyone praises me, we move on. WRONG! I can't! I can only gain a frenzy charge every 5secs and top of that I can barely build pin or freeze to generate a charge to begin with, let alone gain one every 5secs. Like Devs... come on! Endurance charges are, I'm not gonna lie I only looked into way to generate endurance. I don't know how good or bad they are, but power? Oh boy... Power steals the fucking show. You can practically generate a power charge whenever the hell you want! I'm not saying you need to nerf lightning or power charges. I'm saying devs, when it come to the things you're looking at nerfing, you seriously need to consider WHY they're able to just walk through enemies. Have people send pics of there passive skill trees with their complaints. ex. if i have like 400% freeze build-up. You best believe i'm expecting to walk through enemies! 4x normal freeze build-up? Yes, 100% I should be walking through enemies. That makes sense. If you have -20% fire res and I deal 200% fire damage, you should be FUCKING ANNIHILATED, not sort of burning and still coming at me like I didn't do anything to you. That's exactly how ice feels now. it sucks! Look, I know this game is still early access and ya'll have been working hard to fix shit. Like the first 3 days of the game being out you fixed the dodge rolling problem and now we can roll through enemies. That's godsend! THAT'S the shit we want! That's good shit! Take away the nerfs. They're hindering the game and tailoring my game-play experience to what's left, what you guys didn't nerf. I wanna play my way. I don't want to be the 100,000th lightning monk. That's lame. My point is, you're making my lvl 42 feel like a lvl 15. That makes me not want to play your game. I felt bad typing that out, but it needed to be said. Lastly, not being able to use my early access character when the game fully releases is sooooooooo FUCKING STUPID! PLENTY of games devs have enabled you to bring your early access character from early access to main game. Multiple companies have done this. Saying that the early access characters will be stuck in an early access 'league' because of balancing and some other bullshit excuse. Is simply that, bullshit. If you can rework and re-balance the game right now in early access, then why even make a whole  ass different league when the game fully releases called, standard league. Why not just keep reworking and re-balancing off of early access and make the early access build into you're full release build. I'm not a developer, so I don't know how hard that is, but if games like RuneScape can switch GAME ENGINES and you still keep your character and items earned and they did this 2 times! Back in what was it 04-05 when rs became rs2, and then 08-09 when rs2 became rs3? You're telling me a company 20yrs ago can accomplish that but you guys can't even bring my character from early access to main game? I call bullshit.

for the love of god remove the 1 life per map system please. Otherwise a good game with a lot of potential but I will not be playing anymore until that system is changed. Its just way to punishing and very unfun.

Fun!

It's okay

ufjtg

Enjoyed it for a while.

Since the latest update frame drop to 20-30 fps make it unplayable.
Hoping GGG will come round fixing this mess.

Bad game design Like the honour resource in the trials is why i have no faith in humanity.

Great game! Its early access so do expect some issues. Last update fixed a lot of the problems. There is no doubt that they will continue with fixing the game as needed. My issue is that the maps are too big and there is no kind of traveling skills. Yes, I do recommend the game.

amazing game enough said....


I spent about 20 hours on this game and really enjoyed the experience. However, I haven't been able to play it for a while due to a technical problem? I lost my key. I contacted support, but they remain silent and don't give any concrete answers to resolve the situation.

It's frustrating to find yourself stuck without a solution, especially after investing time (and sometimes money) into the game. I can't recommend a game whose support completely ignores its users.

it good game

Wanted to see what all the hype was about so I bought and downloaded POE2. Unfortunately in EA this game is unplayable for me. I get like 10 FPS and the graphics aren't rendering completely. Tried messing with the setting to no effect. Maybe sometime in the future I cant actually play the game.

with some changes in the future this game will be the best arpg of alltime

It's like they took PoE and removed everything that made it different, interesting, or worth playing. Just go play more PoE, it's better in every way.

It's a great game and it's not even fully released.

Amazing game, can't wait for full release

Diablo 4 but better

Game freezes my computer so that I have to hard reset every other map. I can't think of a single thing that this game does better than the first game.

Imma give this game some time to cook. So far its pretty disappointing playing as a summoner. They just don't understand what makes a summoner fun to play apparently. Leveling a pure minion build is crazy weak compared to SRS. Now making arsonists the same cost as mages just because they want us to chose mages?! That's so insane... No one will still pick mages because they suck. Instead how about buffing the mages where they use their active AoE skill automatically and frequently, or the frost bolts fork/chain/bounce and eventually cause a blizzard. You can also make them specialize in single target/bossing (frost bolt a target enough where a glacial spike erupts?) So far its just dumb boring ish. Oooo I can add a gem so they shoot an extra bolt and now cost extra to summon? GTFO outta here. I love to see my minions blowing up mobs on half my screen, not mages shooting little bolts and dying half the time. I'm very doubtful with future release of minion skills. This is the current mindset they have now it's definitely not going to be fun in the future as a minion player.

uahhhhh

V Good

asdf

Love this game, so much fun and no "agenda" crap involved. Game play is fun, hard if you don't pay attention but other than that, feels like top down Elden Ring in a way.

GOTY as soon as it releases.

Good Game

Very fun. What D4 should have been.

This is it! 

If you like games, THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU!

Yep.

D4 bad.

Best game ever. Only problem is with magic find, it needs to go, it makes no sense.

Like everyone has said - its slow PoE - little "thin" and restrictive for now - but seems the devs are listening to the community feedback so I have high hopes!

D4BAD

im so fkn tired of the crashing and performance issues.

Path of Exile 2 does not disappoint. There are certain aspects of the game that need improvement, like the loot drops and loot system in general, and this can be seen since the get go, but the fun that PoE delivered is back with a bang in PoE 2. Looking forward to seeing how this game progresses.

LAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGG

100x better than diablo 4

Amazing for early access!!

ЕБУЧИЕ ЛАГИ

I really enjoyed and still am really enjoying this product. I wanted something to hook me back in fantasy wise as a gamer and something that didn't over complicate or overwhelm me straight away with all these crazy new functionalities but this game I feel beds you in nice and slowly and gives a great structure that guides you through progression so it doesn't just feel that you're walking around aimlessly. If you are like me, and are more of a classic gamer where you enjoy progressing through a level, and then getting to the end of it to then go up against and fight a big bad boss at the end, this game will be FOR YOU. What's even better after you've slain the BBB (Big Bad Boss) you get to feel your dopamine burst into fireworks with colour just like the pretty little volcanic rainbows of colourful loot that burst out of the enemy at the end to celebrate your tough victory, which help you get better gear and progress through the game further. I would advise watching some earlier beginner tutorial guides on YouTube to help understand the games mechanics with upgrading gear and what to focus on in the early game but this is a great game to be enjoyed.

Best diablo game we never got

It's been almost 3 weeks since the release and it's still unplayable. In prime time, ping spikes up to 500ms on 9 out of 10 maps. But don't worry GGG killed most of the meta builds added bunch of MTX and went on holiday vacay. Merry Christmas!

"your account does not have access to path of exile 2"

broken quest system

I have attention span problems but this game got me hooked.
And even on entry level hardware, this game works

Not my style of game typically, having loads of fun and looking forward to having much more!  I didn't play PoE1 so the series is new to me and it still all flows so well. Couple little bugs that I could see them fixing over the next few months but you have to expect that in early access. Happy Raiding!

asd

After fighting Count Geonor at the end of Act 1, we both killed each other, haha. Though I was able to progress, I was not able to pick up the items, after going down the lift again. They were not on the ground ( just in case you are reading this, GGG ;-P )

10/10 and absolutely worth it spending money on Early Access.

The game is barely playable due to technical issues freezing the PC and requiring manual PC restarts. There are thousands of posts on official forums, Reddit, and all over the internet about it, and GGG has not done anything to solve or address this issue for several weeks now. Instead, the community is being ignored.

get t fk out of here with that puss puss minion build, warrior is the only way

is good

+++

Currently unplayable for me, certain loading screens freeze pc completely. Have to hard reboot. Tried all the fixes online and none work. Had to give up and just wait for a patch.

is good... is good good stuff

Don't pay to test the game for them. It's a frustrating experience. Wait for the free full release.

it good

The best ARPG of all time, and it's not even complete yet.

Souls-like action / gameplay, Last Epoch boss fights, lots of fun. Take a while to ramp up but gets quicker and more fun the longer you play.

You can smell Diablo 4 getting cooked while playing PoE 2...

Cast on death effects made me quit, too punishing for melee build. 
I'll let them cook the game a little bit and come back when it gets better, because i know it will.



I am really enjoying the game, it is very, very Diablo2/3 like but also not. 
Some of the classes for me like warrior are very boring and methodical like the warrior, which is what class i started with, but changing to witch instantly changed my mind and made the game much more fun, for me anyway.
I am only a few dozen hours in so there is plenty of time for things to change for the bad or the better even and I plan on continuing to play this for quite a while longer.
Hoping that it doesn't just turn into a gear-grind-fest like D4 becomes after the main story is done.

But anyway, good experience, especially since changing classes after a bad experience.

Horrible endgame and beyond-gross MTX. Former may be fixed, latter won't

So many bugs pertaining towards local coop using controllers. 
I know it's easy access but some of these are ranging from quality of life: 

• Only P1 being able to use the map
• Only P1 can start the Trial otherwise it gets bugged.
• Only P1 can salvage.

To game breaking bugs like:

• On Trial death you are locked into the death screen unless you log out.
• Trial death can occur before the Honour mechanic (arguably the worst thing I've ever experienced in an • ARPG) even hits 0, we've had deaths from as high as 164 to as low as 51 randomly.
• Losing signal on controllers kick you out mercilessly back to the login screen, whether during regular play, in town, during a boss or a trial.

Frustrating and not recommended so far, and thats not to mention feeling like builds are pigeon holed towards a meta so you don't feel like you're hitting like wet noodle on standard white mobs or the controller UI being horrendous in local coop.

This game is amazing.  It is not as easy as other ARPGs which makes it feel like a completely different genre which is worth trying out even if it doesn't seem appealing!

shit crashes my entire PC and devs refuse to fix it

Couch co-op yay!

Early Access

It is okay.

awesome game !

I kill stuff. It give me stuff. I get more stuff.

I like.

The game is unplayable due to constant crashes when changing regions.

Most unbalanced fking game i have ever seen

An excellent ARPG, intentionally more challenging than Diablo, so more rewarding on defeating rare and boss encounters. Gorgeous artwork, immersive sound, fluid game play. A great start, from an Early Access game.

Wait for the free version buying the early access was a mistake

It's great, even in early access. There are some issues but GGG has already proven that they will listen and fix the game accordingly. If it isn't already the best ARPG it will be after EA.

First ARPG game to make me want to play it more than once. Tried quite a few.

good game :)

Where'd my life go??

Best ARPG ever made imho, been playing these since Diablo 1.

I did not like PoE1. Got very overwhelmed with the skill tree and had to watch a bunch of explainations on YT to understand anything.
PoE2 is MUCH more accessible and fun. Bosses are clean. Maps, environments, and abilities look great. Skill tree is much easier. 
This game is great if you are a normal functioning human with a job and don't have to spend 4 hours to know wtf everything does. 9/10

The game hard crashes taking the OS with it, requiring manual shutdown by using the power button.

GGG has been silent about this issue except a single post in known issues which misdiagnoses the problem as a "Win 11 24H2 issue". GGG requested DxDiags and did not access them.  GGG does not mention this issue in the patch notes.

Currently on the Path of Exile 2 Early Access Bug Reports Forum has two main threads:
1) Hard crashing PC locks up: 248 Pages, 2471 Replies, 146069 Views. Created at 7th of December, 2024.

2) POE 2 Complete PC Freeze while loading screen: 216 Pages, 2159 Replies, 204635 Views. Created at 7th of December, 2024.

In comparison the entire "[POE 2] Bugs" thread has 138 Pages, 1370 Replies, 29196 Views.

In terms of ratio, more than half of the replies and views to the forum belong to these two threads.

There are no bugs that are more important than this. This is not "I cannot use X skill bug". This is "improper usage of system APIs by the application" causing "100% CPU utilization" leading to a crash, resulting in "shortened component lifespan and possibly bricking PC".

There are people who have lost their PSUs, SSDs, GPUs, CPUs, Bluetooths, USBs... Any part you can put in a PC, there is someone on the forum that have lost it due to this "bug".

This happens on every kind of OS and hardware.

OS: Happens on Linux, Win10, Win11.
Hardware: AMD and Intel CPUs, AMD and Nvidia GPUs in all types of combination. If a hardware can run it, there is a person with that hardware on those 400 page threads with this crashing bug.

At the current state there has been a known issue for weeks affecting users that have the Windows 24H2 update. The game will at random moments freeze and it will not only affect the game itself but will result in the entire PC freezing up, the only fix being a forced shutdown. No solution was proposed by the devs. Neither has there been one for the constant losing of endgame maps where they kick you out as you try to load into one, resulting in you losing crucial waypoint items, effectively hard-locking you out of playing the endgame. Supposedly the issues are high priority and have been addressed but as the threads with hundreds of replies will tell you, they have not. The devs priorities are to nerf builds before going on holiday and not on fixing their game so it would actually be playable. Until this changes I cannot recommend this game to anyone.

The game is very very good, especially the compaign, everything goes so smooth and the games teaches you everything you need to know, the enemis and bosses have perfect designs BUT the "ENDGAME" is just so unfun and frustrating, the trials are so unfair and boring, the honour system is unbalanced and some elites just depleat 80% of your honor in 1 hit, the trial of chaos with it's overtuned bosses that straight up one shot you and you lose all your progression. OK now comes even better part, you LOSE 15% xp when you die on endgame MAPS, i am already bad and dying and on top of that i am punished for that even more, just why ??? the endgame feels like taking L's everywhere then rage quit and come back some hours later and do it again. 

in summary, the game design is near perfection but the endgame needs a looooot of tunning because if not, only hardcore fans will be able to endure the punishements the game throws at you.

Okay, I put $60 in this game and I love this game. I hate the end game. GGG punishes you for logging in because you get on play to play for 30 mins and be worse off than when you logged in. It could take you an hour of farming to get back the 30 mins of time you lost, that's if you don't die again. Which means you lost 1.5 hours of game play in 30 mins just to get back to where you started from. You lose xp on death. You lose the waystone that you spent to open the portal and you lose the node that you spent resources to open like dimensions. This game gives you 1 step forward for winning and 5 steps back for losing. Please, ggg, stop punishing us for playing your game.

After spending over 145 hours in Path of Exile 2, leveling three characters and experiencing most of its content, I feel both impressed and frustrated. While there are moments of greatness, significant flaws hold the game back from being truly enjoyable in the long run.

Pros:

Animations are fluid and visually impressive, adding a sense of polish to combat and abilities. Same with effects and graphics in general—the world of the game is visually appealing, with a great atmosphere that does it job to immerse players into the dark fantasy world of POE.

The 3-Act campaign is well-crafted, enjoyable, and easily the most rewarding part of the game.

Cons:

The endgame balance is where the cracks start to show. Issues like frustrating drop rates, uneven mob scaling in maps, and narrow build viability make progression feel tedious rather than rewarding.

On-death effects add unnecessary frustration, punishing players in ways that feel unfair and unfun.

The trials (Sekhemas and Chaos) are overly punishing. The mechanics lack inspiration and offer little room for meaningful counterplay. The RNG itself is too punishing—if you get unlucky with debuffs, you can outright lose the trial through no fault of your own. For example, getting a movement speed debuff often leaves you as good as screwed, no matter how well you’ve prepared. I think it can be easily improved by adding more links between room choices in Sekhemas and more debuff choices in Chaos and making debuffs less punishing at least in early stages.

Similarly, the Atlas system feels like a battle against RNG rather than a test of skill or preparation, punishing players regardless of their gear or build. The endgame allows little to no creativity in build crafting. The game is so punishing that players are forced to build around strict defensive caps just to survive. For example, you have to push resistances, but even then, you can still be one-shot by an absurd "on death" mechanic from a random white mob. Survivability becomes mandatory, leaving players no choice but to roll defenses on every single piece of gear. The game is just unplayable otherwise.

*Kripparian’s video "Path of Exile 2 is Ruthless" captures these issues perfectly. The endgame systems feel needlessly harsh and punishing.

Final Thoughts:
I’ve pushed to tier 12 maps and realized that the game simply stopped being fun and enjoyable at some point. I’ll happily change my review to positive if Grinding Gear Games addresses these glaring problems. But as it stands, I can’t recommend this game based on its current state, nor am I willing to overlook its flaws simply because it’s "better than Diablo 4." Being better than a bad game is hardly an achievement, and Path of Exile 2 should aim much higher.

Path of Exile 2 Early Access has been an incredible experience, delivering the challenging gameplay and scarce loot drops I was hoping for. While the game is currently a solid 8/10 for me, issues like poor HDR implementation and frequent PC freezes during loading screens are frustrating. Despite these setbacks, I’m excited for the full release in 2025 and can’t wait to see how many hours I’ll sink into it by then!

After playing the game for about 100 hours over several weeks, I can fully say Path of Exile 2 is amazing but a bit lacking in certain aspects, such as melee class balance, endgame variety, and long-term progression systems.

Visuals and Atmosphere: Path of Exile 2 immediately grabs attention with its stunning visual overhaul. The environments feel richer, darker, and more immersive—like walking through a gothic art museum, if the paintings occasionally tried to stab you.

Gameplay: Compared to games such as Diablo 4, Path of Exile 1, and Last Epoch, gameplay feels slower but deliberate and strategic. The weighty animations and responsive controls make each encounter satisfying, rewarding careful planning over button-mashing.

Combat: Skill gems have been reworked, offering greater flexibility in customizing characters and creating devastating combos. Players can experiment with setups to suit different playstyles. Bosses are like Dark Souls—challenging but incredibly rewarding to defeat after a few tries. One moment you're a mighty champion; the next, you're questioning your life choices.

Classes: Having tried both the Witch and Warrior, melee classes currently feel weaker in terms of survivability compared to ranged classes. This imbalance needs attention from developers to ensure all playstyles are viable and rewarding. Playing melee sometimes feels like hugging a cactus—brave, painful, and questionably effective.

Endgame: The endgame starts strong with exciting boss fights and map-based challenges that test your builds and strategies. However, the limited variety of encounters and repetitive grinding for loot can make it feel stale over time. As this is still early access, I hope future updates bring more content—like unique bosses, dynamic events, or progression systems—to keep things fresh.

Conclusion: Path of Exile 2 is an impressive evolution of the ARPG genre. It keeps the depth and complexity fans love while modernizing visuals and mechanics. The slower pace may not suit everyone, melee class balancing needs work, and the endgame could use more variety. Despite these issues, its foundation is strong, and future updates should only make it better. 

Score: 8/10

As a first-time player, Path of Exile 2 felt less like a game and more like a test of patience. The lack of clear tutorials and overwhelming complexity made even simple tasks, like managing skills or understanding progression, frustrating.

The game’s depth is impressive, but it’s not beginner-friendly. The interface is cluttered, the systems are poorly explained, and the early gameplay is slow and repetitive. I spent more time searching for guides than enjoying the experience.

Unless you’re already familiar with the franchise or ready to invest hours figuring things out, Path of Exile 2 is a tough recommendation for newcomers.

[code][b]❧ I don't perceive my blog entries as traditional reviews; I encourage you to adopt the same perspective. The decision of whether these games resonate with your preferences rests with you.
❧ I urge you not to rely on my experience to determine whether you should purchase these titles. My blog entries reflect my personal experiences and viewpoints; it is important to regard them as such![/b] [/code]

[h1][b][u]Path of Exile 2[/u][/b][/h1]

Prior to this Early Access, I played around 70 hours on the original game, give or take a few dramatic rage quits, and let’s just say my experience wasn’t exactly award-winning. 

Most of the time, it felt less like I was controlling my character and more like I was a hyperactive cheerleader with no rhythm, waving pom-poms from the sidelines. Naturally, I cycled through a bunch of different classes, took some extended coffee breaks (read: months), and came back as clueless as ever. Long story short, I am, from my perspective, still a certified noob while playing both games. Sure, my wins early on, here, felt somewhat like actual wins, but I can’t shake the feeling that the game is secretly prepping me for failure all over again.

And oh, what wasn’t I wrong about that!

Fast forward to Path of Exile 2. I hit a wall midway through Act 1 with my first character. Naturally, I chose the same class I played in the original game. True to form, I ignored every single warning sign, like a signaler on an airfield, that I was completely botching my build. This led to a character that couldn’t even take down the King in the Mist. Many wasted uncut gems and support gems later, the cost of fixing my mistakes were greater than my entire retirement plan. In the end, I did what any self-respecting gamer would do: I rerolled and Googled [url=https://deltiasgaming.com/a-comprehensive-guide-about-the-witch-class-in-path-of-exile-2/] Witch Class for Dummies [/url], and got offered the holy grail, [url=https://maxroll.gg/poe2/build-guides/minion-army-infernalist-leveling-guide#skills-header] the Infernalist minion build [/url], which looked like the magical path for Act 1 to 3, or at least, that is what I thought!

Hoping this time I wouldn’t end up with a character that needs an exorcist, I dove back in and climbed my way up, passing through the areas I had previously flailed around in. I Finally reached Freythorn once again killing the mobs here with ease, and, to my absolute delight, managed to kill the bastard that previously kept crushing my sanity into oblivion fairly fast.

Pushing further into The Ogham areas, I noticed the difficulty spike once again. Near the end, it seemed like I was trapped in a personal torture chamber, and the Executioner definitely felt like he was auditioning to be my lifelong nemesis. What felt like an eternal struggle, I learned that I had to tweak my build a bit better, and he finally dropped dead. To my surprise, he left me my very first spirit gem. I used it to craft my Raging Spirit skill, and suddenly the game stopped bullying me, at least for now. It finally seemed like I had made a good choice with this build.

Maybe, just maybe, I was finally upgrading from clueless newbie to a real Exile.

Or maybe not, not just yet! Stepping into Ogham Manor was like entering a haunted house where the ghosts didn’t just jump-scare me, they burned my resources and kept me busy for a while. The guide I was following? Yeah, turns out it was more of a polite suggestion than the bulletproof strategy I thought it was. At first, everything was peachy; I was smashing mobs left and right, feeling like a legend. But then, this area decided to take things to another level.

The mobs got angrier, swarming me like mosquitoes at a camping trip. They rushed me, shoved me around, interrupted my spells, and just when I thought I could escape, BOOM! I was blown to smithereens. One mob exploded, another yanked the rug out from under me, and before I knew it, I was sprawled on the floor, defeated by regular mobs, hah, what a joke right?

Moving onward, I shuffled in and out of the manor to offload my loot that seemed to multiply like rabbits! Finally, I reached The Mad Wolf. He wasn’t here to play fetch. It was a wake-up call that the gloves were off. Either I stuck it out or admitted defeat with my tail between my legs.

What followed was a parade of deaths so ridiculous it could’ve been its own blooper reel. I tinkered endlessly with my gem skills, fine-tuned my gear with whatever scraps I had, and squinted at the boss mechanics like I was cramming for an exam. Every defeat nudged me a little closer, teaching me something new, like the fact that this wolf really hated me.

And then, finally, sweet victory! The boss fell to my last desperate blow, leaving me in a state of disbelief, as if I’d just stumbled upon a hidden treasure of everlasting glory.

I wouldn’t say the game is impossible, but it definitely has a “mess up and prepare to be roasted” vibe. It’s like the game’s saying, “You think you’ve got this? Watch me teach you humility!” While not everything is spoon-fed to you, there’s a whole community ready to hand you a metaphorical cup of coffee and help you figure out your build. You stumble, you adapt, and eventually, you’ll reach the point where you will be winning your fights. 

And honestly? That’s the kind of challenge I expect from every game I play!

📜 SIDE NOTES:

[code][b]⭐ For me the WASD and the added roll/dodge were a must for me to pull me into this genre.
⭐ Positioning, and reactive reflexes are very important, without them you will surely die!!
⭐ The lack of in depth knowledge en understanding boosts community interaction. ...
⭐ Visuals and voice acting are from the highest quality, they nailed it in this game.

I never expected myself to enjoy this type of game, but the Early Access drew me right in![/b] [/code]
[code][b]⚠️ While I believe this game is more accessible to a larger audience, it may still not be for everyone, particularly due to its steep difficulty, challenging learning curve, and significant time investment required. If you're not prepared to dedicate considerable effort to mastering the mechanics and overcoming tough challenges, it might be best to wait for the free version before committing![/b] [/code]
[code][b]📢 As this is an Early Access release, updates by the developers are inevitable, and my experience is likely to change as I advance beyond the first Act. Accordingly, this blog will be updated over time![/b] [/code]

[table]
[tr]
[th][/th]
[th][/th]
[th][/th]
[/tr]
[tr]
[td]Utility[/td]
[td]💚[/td]
[td]Expands the genre to a wider player base; bolsters rich content and features; Passive skills and crafting are deeply woven into the root of the gameplay..[/td]
[/tr]
[tr]
[td]Controls[/td]
[td]💛[/td]
[td]Combat controls are responsive and satisfying; The interface is straightforward; no hand holding, encourages exploration and community interaction![/td]
[/tr]
[tr]
[td]Performance[/td]
[td]💛[/td]
[td]Runs smoothly overall; I ran into some minor network jitters. I streamed while playing on the same rig, the optimization kept things stable and enjoyable![/td]
[/tr]
[tr]
[td]Pricing[/td]
[td]💚[/td]
[td]Free-to-Play offers great value, cash shop is mostly cosmetic; some pay for convenience transactions are present;  micro-transactions are not being pressured![/td]
[/tr]
[tr]
[td]Interface[/td]
[td]💚[/td]
[td]Sleek and intuitive, offering easy access to essential info; Boosts accessibility and ensures a smooth experience for players of all levels.[/td]
[/tr]
[tr]
[td]Immersion[/td]
[td]💚[/td]
[td]With rich lore, immersive audio, and stunning visuals, the game pulls players into a world full of adventure and discovery at every turn.[/td]
[/tr]
[/table]

[h1]Enjoy and Happy Gaming![/h1]

The main issues with the game are as listed:

Trials: Remove the honor system and they'll be fine. Let us purchase the means to enter the trials.
One-shot/After-Death mechanics of enemies: Either nerf the damage or get rid of it entirely.
XP Loss on death: Why? Just get rid of it. We die so many times to unseen/offscreen stuff that it gets frustrating grinding back up.

The game just outright crashes on loading screens at random, while the devs did acknowledge it is an issue, it hasn't been talked about in any patches, i'll change the review if it ever gets fixed, but it leaves a sour taste. There are at least 400+ pages worth of complaints at PoE 2 early access forums as the time of writing this.

Adore the game, but can't recommend it until the Windows 24H2 full PC crashes/freezes are fixed. The game is almost unplayable on some PCs, mine included.

This game is great till you get to the end game around level 70. Then you get to end game and mapping. 

This is literally the worst experiences I have ever had in a game that is just terrible on so many levels. 

You die, you lose your map

you die from something one touch across the screen. You have no control. There are people showing you walking and just falling over and you have no way to know. 

Then you lose your map and can't  go back in 
you lose your bonuses 
your xp 
your loot

And then you snowball down below to lower tiers without nothing you can do. 

The end game is terrible and not fun. Till they change this don't waste your time or do the campaign and that is it.

I play this game to stop my addiction of Dota2 and so far Its working. Its not addictiive and enjoyable at the same time. Great coop and community which is a huge difference from Dota or LOL. Pick up any time stop any time. this game respects your time and is only monetized for stash  space which i dont mind at all. I love Role playing so I dont buy cosmetics so its not an expensive game for me. After like 5 to 6 years of playing unoptimized games and un creative games I finally found something worth diving deep into. It is unhealthy for people with jobs to play DOta or just hard to learn new games like Elden ring because I dont have time but this game is perfect for people like me as people online just tell me what to do as i am playing the game

The overwhelming majority of PoE2 is excellent. Some of the content is a little rough around the edges, as you might expect in Early Access.

However, a fundamental axis of character power (Ascendancy) is currently blocked behind oppressive random mechanics that are outside the fundamental gameplay loop. For this reason alone, I cannot recommend the game - it's that bad. I am eager to change my review to "recommended" if they rework the Ascendancy system.

The game hard crashes taking the OS with it, requiring manual shutdown by using the power button.

GGG has been silent about this issue except a single post in known issues which misdiagnoses the problem as a "Win 11 24H2 issue". GGG requested DxDiags and did not access them. GGG does not mention this issue in the patch notes.

Currently on the Path of Exile 2 Early Access Bug Reports Forum has two main threads:
1) Hard crashing PC locks up: 248 Pages, 2471 Replies, 146069 Views. Created at 7th of December, 2024.

2) POE 2 Complete PC Freeze while loading screen: 216 Pages, 2159 Replies, 204635 Views. Created at 7th of December, 2024.

In comparison the entire "[POE 2] Bugs" thread has 138 Pages, 1370 Replies, 29196 Views.

In terms of ratio, more than half of the replies and views to the forum belong to these two threads.

There are no bugs that are more important than this. This is not "I cannot use X skill bug". This is "improper usage of system APIs by the application" causing "100% CPU utilization" leading to a crash, resulting in "shortened component lifespan and possibly bricking PC".

There are people who have lost their PSUs, SSDs, GPUs, CPUs, Bluetooths, USBs... Any part you can put in a PC, there is someone on the forum that have lost it due to this "bug".

This happens on every kind of OS and hardware.

OS: Happens on Linux, Win10, Win11.
Hardware: AMD and Intel CPUs, AMD and Nvidia GPUs in all types of combination. If a hardware can run it, there is a person with that hardware on those 400 page threads with this crashing bug.

I did not play POE1, however, POE2 has been enjoyable to play. The combat mechanics are fun, and the class system is not overwhelming for new players. This is also the first ARPG that I have played for more than a few hours. 

It is early access, but the game is already in a really great place. Melee class feels like they're on the struggle bus though and substantially more difficult than ranged. I hope that aspect will be better balanced in the future.

Ok so the game itself is great, having tons of fun with it but I just can't recommend it yet due to the constant crashing and causing PC's to hard reboot. This needs fixing as a priority for GGG.  When it's fixed I'll give it a full thumbs up but for now I can't.  

Doesn't look like I'll be playing over the holidays as I doubt GGG will put out a patch until the new year now, shame.

[h1] Diablo 4 Killer (maybe even more than that,also a lot cheaper fr) [/h1]

Well, i'm doing this review with a short time, but keep in mind i played most of the games of this genre.  Tbh i thought Last epoch was the best one after diablo 4, but  PoE2 put both games in their knees and easily at that, without any shred of effort too. The game has bad traits, but the good traits surpass by a long stretch. 

[h2] Armor stuff/cosmetic [/h2]
I beat diablo 4 in gamepass, something which was atrocious to me, was the battlepass locked the good cosmetic and so on, and normal clothes looked dogshit until the point you beat lilith, they still looked like that.  In path of exile, i'm playing as monk and quickly i was able to test a bunch of different drips. AND you can equip mixed armors traits, like EVASION/ARMOR/ENERGY SHIELD you name it.  This makes building your character really diverse both in good looks + good build for YOUR playstyle, isn't something set on stone. 



[h2] Skill tree, IS ONE OF BEST AND ONE OF WORST ONES. [/h2]
I mean, if you keep and follow the path you want, it's really good, i was testing a fast casting skill system, and it's working like i wanted, a fast paced monk melee.  Yet if you're a beginner to the genre, and dont know what you're up to. It's annoying,[edit] you can actually can respec after some hours of progress, but the respec system is expensive... and with thousands of skills this can be a problem.  Thefore it culls beginners and jelly brains, but i dont think it's really really bad,  if anything they're sticking to a Niche and this actually makes a better experience than the washed experience we had in a Diablo 4.

[h2] Gameplay [/h2]
Literally fire, i dunno if they're gonna add more difficulty sliders or whatever, but as it's rn, it's intense, after we go to red veil map i think, i noticed the enemies mobs started having better tactics, ranged, poison,  fast and slow ones and stuff like that, my point here, is neither their life or mine was bigger, so they did a avg damage and  died quickly, i did high damage and got damaged quickly too.  A really fair balance if you ask  me,  the bosses aren't spongyyy they just can do a LOT of damage, but somewhat lives under 1-2 min at most.  This made me have a really better time than in Diablo 4, anyone who tried to play the highest difficulty settings, starts noticing the game fights are stretched, they become really spongy and it's tiresome after some point, plus blizzard nerfed the shit out of a lot of skills, so isn't rewarding to actually keep playing the game to be punished. (obviously i cant use this same judgement to a released game, but i noticed at least with monkey skill kit, the way i was playing was basically charging stacks to unleash more powerful ones, it's a really technical build, HIGH DAMAGE with timed properly, and if somehow you screw, you can die with 1-3 hits, depends of enemy kind. So i really enjoyed the danger-reward payout. 

I noticed in the early maps, but something which really stuck out for me was the designs of enemies were really unique and flashed, hardly a simple reskin, at least in the first 7 regions, so in theory ... the rest stays like this, it's a really good thing to see the effort put into something you like, so we the players, have a better experience. 

[h2] Graphics/Performance [/h2]
Tbh game graphics look really good for an isometric, optimization is great in everything but SHADOWS, idk i mean i tested everything ultra-high and stuff, but when you change Shadows from Low to high,  i got 120fps(OK, playing with it like that), but if you change to Ultra i got 80fps... like 40 fps loss, from low to high it only ate 140 to 124... so xD for being an isometric i dont think shadows are THAT important, but anyway, i can notice the difference of three presets, thus i play in high with 120fps and everything else maxed.  (I use rtx 4070ti super)

Not graphics per se, but the servers are so damn fine, my ping stays between 7-12 playing in SAO PAULO SA. Really, really happy with this, i'm used to online games staying at around 27-40, and i have a good internet but most servers we have on SA are usually bad, so that made me happy :D .


[h2] Worse negativity trait [/h2]
Err i think the game lacks a sell/stack sell and other QoL features, to handle inventory. I tried it around, but i can only use stash/vendors with drag and drop, DRAG AND DROP IN THIS DAY AND AGE IS BOTHERSOME. Def i look forward to this change, because you can get inventory full in 10min or so, and then you need to go back, and drag drop 9 stuff, rinse repeat that under an 1h, it becomes annoying FAST 

You shouldnt get used to having only one char for long in PoE universe, friendly reminder.

The MTX of PoE2 a bit too much expensive,  to buy a single cloth in this game, and if you got preorder you got like 300 points... simple even if you buy the cheapest MTX+what they "give to you" you can't buy a single cloth, and the cheapest option it's 5$ no region priced...that is errr hmm, i mean i personally wont pay the price of a new game in a skin, no matter how good it look like xD

As it stands, this game isn't worth the effort - it's an exercise in frustration. They need to seriously work on the tuning of early content and the design of the bosses. Giving a roll isn't an excuse to make bosses have completely arbitrary one shot mechanics with poor telegraphing. The game is also missing some key features like being able to turn off the auto-aim which is horrid when you need to actually aim your skills. Enemies also desperately need to stop glitch-moving your character with some attacks (bosses/charging enemies). It looks off and feels incredibly awkward.

They've upped the visual quality and the bosses in particular feel better minus the one shots. I'm not convinced the new, slower direction is actually better for the majority of the content though. It simply takes longer which gives the impression of being more engaging than it really is. It's not like you're utilizing different tools in unique situations, it's just using everything you have for every kill which gets tedious.

Hope the game gets better. A fresh take on PoE is a lovely prospect.

EDIT: 
After a few more boss experiences, I take back bosses feeling better. They have some truly boring time-wasting designs be it just obnoxious HP pools and/or excessive periods of not taking damage. Act 2's boss first phase is a wonderful example of terrible conveyance, not being clear what's happening during the sandstorm. Not only does the offscreen NPC generate a shield with no cue, the mobs leave an impossible-to-see burn on the ground when killed making it unclear how you're dying unless you wait for the sandstorm to finish before respawning and actually have a chance of seeing the visual. 

It's unfortunate, but in the first 20 hours, the best case is the game being a little boring, failing to capture the fun of the first game. In the worst, it's just an unsatisfying slog.

Edit 2:
Having done yet more content out of some absurd notion that the game would get better, my opinion has continued to sour. I am now convinced the team behind the game have an incredibly skewed vision that fundamentally misses what makes these games fun. This is essentially what Dark Souls 2 was to that series. It's not challenging, it's not engaging, it's simply bad. I'm not exaggerating when I say this was the absolute worst experience I've had with an ARPG. Early access isn't an excuse here - the design choices made honestly feel like the developers hate their players. I genuinely hope they'll eventually pull their heads out of their asses and focus on adding fun to the game rather than poorly made "challenge."

For those who have trouble with the early access key (bought on steam), just launch the game, click create account and type in your name, close game and wait 5-10min (I guess the game need to verify with the server or something) launch the game and watch at the bottom left corner for authentication and try to login, this should work for everyone.

Game is good but runs like shit on some systems. I keep getting locked CPU's when the game crashes resulting in me having to hold power to restart my computer.  People going through the same issue as me have reported damaged components therefore i feel its not worth risking your PC just to play this game. They need to prioritise this issue and not worry so much about balancing at the moment. FIX THESE CRASHES FIRST. RESPECT YOUR CUSTOMERS ENOUGH TO NOT RELEASE SOMETHING THAT WILL DESTROY THEIR PC'S.

As someone that is new to POE but grew up on ARPGs like Diablo and Gauntlet Legends the first 15hours of my play were super fun and reminded me of my time in D2. However, whiling progressing through the second half of Act 2 it quickly became apparent that this game does not have any guidance for new players.

After wasting orbs (not realising how rare some of them are), having to research what ascendancy is (the game has absolutely no tutorial or information on this), and running into bosses that I cannot do any damage to (while I clear mobs in the same area just fine), I quickly became frustrated and just felt like I was wasting my time (especially if I die and the map resets). All of this and when you do finally defeat these hurdles, you get absolutely no gear.

Everything in this game is unnecessarily punishing and not in a fun way. I love myself some Souls games, Bloodbourne, Elden, etc, but those games are challenging, but fair (95%+ of the time). In this game there are so many instances where it just feels bad and it is worsened by the fact that it could easily be avoided with a little tutorial blurb or small QoL improvement.

The loot is probably the worst part of this game. People play ARPGs for the loot. This game SEVERELY lacks loot. 90%+ of the stuff that drops is totally useless. It seems the game's best items come from crafting, but (again) the game does nothing to explain how that works in-depth and the currency you need for crafting is EXTREMELY rare, so when you do finally use them and roll bad stats, it just feels terrible and like I have wasted my time.

If the goal of GGG is to attract a new player base... this isn't it. The foundation of the game is incredible, but it is ruined by punishing systems that just make the player feel bad, and lack of tutorials for the in-depth mechanics you are introduced to mid-way through.

Regular mobs with insta-kill attacks,  after-death insta-kill explosions and insta-kill traps. I'm just too old for this nonsense. 

If you liked POE1 and Diablo 3 & 4 you might not like this game. The thing is I DON'T want to play Souls when I play an ARPG.  

Time will tell if I'm in the minority.

Pretty solid—graphics are a huge improvement over the first game, and the controls feel way better too. Honestly, the gameplay feels much smoother than the competition.

The Good:
1. WASD movement feels great. Not much to say
2. Skill combos are pretty fun compared to one-button-builds that were very prevalent in the first game.
3. The classes have a lot of personality and their voice lines are a lot better than most of the characters' comments about the story in the first game.
4. Sockets are on skills themselves and not on gear. This removes a lot of socket pressure and instead shifts it into support location pressure.
4a. Tangentially related and kind of a +/- for some, support gems are all 1-of-a-kind. Each can only have a single copy in your build across all equipped skills. I actually like this because most supports are about utility and not their damage, but it's a big shift from how you think about them coming from PoE.


The Bad:
1. Mapping is absolutely awful. Each zone has a single life available, and random deaths are just as bad as before if not worse due to poor visibility and bad telegraphs. Because movement is so heavily limited it's significantly harder to get out of bad situations. This slows the gameplay to a crawl in the vast majority of situations or turns everything into "kill or be killed" to an even higher degree than PoE was.
2. Sanctum is fucking terrible as an ascension mechanic. It was fine as an optional piece of content for people that enjoyed it but being forced on everyone is atrocious. If you look up tips for how to handle it, 90% of guides will tell you to overlevel the content to the point that you trivialize it. When the optimal strategy is to effectively nullify the content, that is TERRIBLE game design.
3. The end game league content is effectively copy-pasted with very very minor changes to adjust for PoE2. They're still just as rippy as before which makes them feel awful when you go back to point 1 and realize that you only have a single life per map. Most of them are better off ignored until you're 1000% certain your build can survive them, let alone *clear* them.
4. Respecs and crafting currencies were touted as being super accessible during campaign. Both of these things are a lie. By the time you can feel the need for a respec, around act 2(cruel), items aren't plentiful enough nor do they sell for enough gold to realistically be able to afford a respec in a reasonable timeframe. If your build is struggling it can easily take hours just to course-correct and be able to enjoy yourself again. Crafting currency doesn't drop nearly enough during the campaign in order to be able to actually use it. You're better off hoping for a good drop and saving the currency to buy something later.
5. On the topic of crafting, it's literally all RNG and hope for the best right now. There aren't any equivalent crafting options to old chaos orbs or alterations, and there's no scouring orbs to reset an item and try again. There's also no crafting bench anymore as it was replaced by runes you can socket into your gear. Unfortunately those sockets are permanent and can't be removed. So, if your stat priorities change elsewhere due to an upgrade for an item other than the one you socketed; tough shit you can't change those runes you used to shore up faults in your gear.


This game is not at all in a state that can be recommended. It needed way more time before even hitting early access let alone being in a state to "release" in approximately 6 months.

you'll spend more time backtracking than progressing, because difficulty has somehow been conflated with the number of concentric circles you run in the same zone until you find what you need.

Has great potantial and looks amazing. Unfortunatly in 24 hours of playing it has completly frozen my computer over 60 times. My hardware is good but having to hard reset my computer every 30 mins is something that even early access should not have. It has been 8 days and no fix. Gets worse every update. 

If it will be fixed i would recommend the game with bad hardware optimization since its early access but do not buy this game untill they do fix the freeze.

Game has a lot of issues.  For one, casters are absolutely screwed on many bosses, especially after the nerf to Cast on Ignite.  I run around trying to dodge constantly but I am unable to cast anything of notable damage because in the span of a cast time I get merked by a boss dealing 4x my health and energy shield in a single attack.  It's absolutely maddening and when a game pisses me off more than makes me happy, I uninstall.

Path of Exile 2 currently has an issue where loading freezes your ENTIRE PC. This has been an issue in Path of Exile 1 and those users predicted correctly that the issue will persist on Path of Exile 2. 

This is the worst 'coded' game I have ever played in my entire 18 years of esports and casual gaming.

Overall a nice start to Early Access, but has a few negatives in endgame that are very annoying, especially after the learnings of PoE 1:
[list]
    [*] Only 1 try per map / boss in Endgame. After 1 death you lose everything related to the map/boss. In PoE 1 you had 6 tries per encounter. In Boss fights this was nice, as you could try to learn them across 6 tries.
    [*] No feasible way to craft items. In PoE 1 we had the crafting bench and could at least add one useable mod to each item.
    [*] Boss invitations take too long to farm in endgame. Why can I only drop 1 Simulacrum splinter in a completed Tier 15 map, but I need 300 of them in order to try to progress the Delirium Skill Tree?
    [*] The boss invitations, that are used for progression of the Skill Trees, are the same that people use to farm the harder difficulty version of the boss for chase items. This makes it so that you lose a lot of potential income if just want to progress a mechanic. PoE 1 already solved this recently with Uber Boss Fragments that are different from the normal version of the bosses.
[/list]

Right now I can NOT recomend this game because of the following reasons:
- "Perfectly dodge or die in one hit" is not fun
- Very scarse loot (expecially currency, so not a lot of crafting) is not fun
- Am I just unlucky or is it normal to find 80% loot for OTHER classes and not for the one I'm playing?
- Low mobility + every fight is a souls-like one + huge map = not fun (you need to invest a lot of time)
- Rare (yellow) chests dropping 1 magic item and few gold coins
- Rare (yellow) monsters dropping 2 magic items, a normal item and few gold coins
- To level a gem you need an item (uncut gem, no exp needed) = your power is at the mercy of the loot system
- [1st edit] Monsters' chaos damage is totaly out of control (and finding chaos resist on items is pretty much impossible)
- [1st edit] Sometimes the screen is so full of effects (expecially during big boss fights) that it's impossible to understay how/why I died
- [1st edit] I have tens of good base/magic items to craft into rares but no crafting currency AT ALL
- [1st edit] I have plenty of runes but no orbs to create sockets

I'll gladly change my review in the future but for now "it is what it is".

Challenge is good, difficulty is good....  in games that are not based on RNG.  When every single thing is based  on RNG…from coins,ultimatum things to find so you can even attempt the trials for ascendancy points, curses on trials, loot, “crafting”, rare enemy mods....  and then you try to mix dodge rolling and challenging gameplay with it then it simply  falls apart.  Visuality on maps using a lot of spells is not built for tactical dodges and all that.
There is no desire to overcome a hard foe cause there is no exploration after it. Because it is just a random generated layout. 
Cause there is no fixed loot, cause killing the boss is just pulling a lever on a slot machine. 
And that loot that drops most cases is useless. What unique things do you find? Yeah that's barely usable and a rare item is usually better.
All mixed together and the game loses the meaning of challenging and becomes punishing for the sake of being punishing.


Path of Exile 2 Review:

While visually polished, PoE 2 delivers fantastic and exhilarating boss fights, showcasing Grinding Gear Games' mastery in creating thrilling encounters. However, the levels are far too large for the painfully slow movement speed, and the lack of build creativity—mirroring Diablo 3's skills both in design and appearance—leaves much to be desired. Loot drops are conspicuously absent on maps, and restrictive stat requirements stifle cross-classing potential, further limiting player freedom.

If you loved PoE 1 for picking up loot, trading, crafting, and making the screen explode with action, do not play PoE 2. But if you prefer slower, MOBA-style gameplay, PoE 2 might be worth a try.

Grinding Gear Games could have a world-class, perfect game if they removed weapon restrictions on skills, adopted the same freedom as PoE 1, sped up the action by 100%, and brought back the old currency system while keeping gold—revolutionizing vendors and making them both valuable and fun to engage with. Also, why isn’t there a vending machine-style interaction for player trading? It’s 2025—why do I still have to PM for a physical transaction?

For D&D fans, it’s like going from 3.5 to 5.0—streamlined but at the cost of depth and complexity. PoE 2 struggles to recapture what made its predecessor iconic.

Unfortunately, the game has critical technical flaws. Specifically, on my version of Windows 2h24, the game frequently freezes my computer during level loading due to CPU usage spiking to 100%. This issue can only be resolved with a hard reboot. The latest patches for the game have not addressed this problem, making it technically impossible for me to continue playing, as on average, every hour of gameplay results in a computer freeze.

can't play the endgame, putting a key in bricks the game and wastes your time and money. 
act 1-3 are long, boring, and tedious. acts 1-3 cruel are fine once your build is online. 

endgame is where this title falls flat on its face, everything is overtuned. you one shot, you get one shot, resistances don't matter.
 builds get nerfed nonstop with no refunds put out for the affected builds, while other broken builds are left untouched for some reason. I have had to reroll 4 characters because I get bricked when my build gets nerfed and I can't progress without wasting hours trying to refarm gold to respec or buy new gear to repair the build. 

GGG has a good reputation, but after this nightmare of a buggy bloated mess I am thoroughly disappointed in the state of path of exile 2. 
It puts on enough good paint that you put in 50-100 hours, thinking "wow this is amazing!! d4 bad!!". 

then the paint falls off and you realize its an outdated turd. 

the skill jungle is massive but bloated. the skill gems offer little build variety and the same is true with spirit gems. with over a decade since poe1 I truly expected more. 5 classes on launch with most of them feeling awful outside of a few broken builds which just get nerfed anyways. 

the trials are a disaster. whoever designed this needs to be fired. its a gigantic time waste, full of pointless mechanics meant to waste your time, the same is true with chaos trials. it needs a total overhaul. 


the endgame is where me and all of my friends gave up on the game. we slugged through multiple characters, bugs, crashes, glitches, wasted time. 
so imagine our surprise when we get to the atlas endgame mapping and the game was even more broken than the campaign. 

hundreds of thousands wasted in gold, buying keys, traded keys etc. 

I'm done. no more wasted time. did I get my moneys worth? 100%. will the game get betters on launch? 100%. 

is it worth it as of current date + 3-6 months? no.

69 hour review.

Early Access. Great game. Warrior is a lot of fun. Story was enjoyable to play through and abilities were varied and fun to use. Plenty of mod variety, graphics and performance were stable with just a couple of crashes, to be expected in early access.

Ascendancy trials weren't enjoyable as melee, honor system for it is poor and leads to a frustrating experience especially as you need to acquire more tokens to try again. suck especially because it disproprtionately punishes people for playing melee characters.

Currently in Cruel mode (NG+) so I have no thoughts on the end game as of yet.

12/18/24 post patch update (100hrs playtime).
Into the end game, initial maps are fun so far (only did a handful).

Trial of Sekhemas which you need to do to ascend and complete your class is the most poorly designed system I've ever seen. Even with the recent changes to 'help' melee, its still a god awful unfun experience due to its design. You have to find a rare token to enter, if you die or lose your 'honor' your run ends and you need to grind in the hopes another token drops. 'honor' is just being hit, so as a warrior melee class, you can imagine thats quite a challenge. Additionally enemies get auras and all kinds of fun ranged AOE explosions and attacks. 

So today they reduced the honor you lose when you're close to the mobs but also thats where the mobs passive auras and AOE stuff is the worst, it just doesn't make sense. Like they designed this system and after the fact went 'oh damn we have melee classes, oh well'. 

I'll still recommend the game because the story was fun to play through and the mechanics of the game are enjoyable (in terms of abilities and how the different classes feel to play).

Who ever made the mechanic where if you die loot on the ground vanishes is a really piece of s***. Dont make bosses that take 10 min to defeat, then explode at death if we are going to loose the loot. F** you POE2

The existence of endgame-affecting Permanent choices like venom drought in act 3 making me feel like I have to start all over again on my melee character (melee early game is torture compared to ranged builds) because I chose the wrong one not knowing, is bad design for any mmo/rpg.  I'm personally fine with the choosing the class/ascendancy being permanent, i'm fine with melee being harder, but the idea of making people feel like they need to know their endgame builds with knowledge of the whole game's permanent choices ahead of time makes it feel really discouraging for newcomers of the series to even start.


I've played more hours than I did the first.  Runs fairly smoothly.  Not come across any game breaking bugs.  An issue with respec skills where it will sometimes take the coins and then reset the skills back to the previous setting.  Overall?  I'm enjoying it.

Game is Crashing and making many players hard restart their computers is broken for a lot of players. Currently there are no fixes for this issue. It started after the last patch. I have tried all the workarounds with no success.

Latest update broke the game for me.
During loading screens my PC freezes 9/10 times and I need to reboot.
BIOS and all drivers up to date.
There is a temporary fix that may work for some, not for me.
It involves running the game with certain cores disables or without multithreading at all (enjoy those 30 fps!).
I can only prevent the game from freezing by disabling multithreading from the in-game options.
Game runs poorly now, even on my 4080. 15-25 fps in hubs, around 40-60 fps in combat zones.
Love the game heaps, but can't recommend as of now.
Will update this review when it's fixed.
If you don't run into problems, the game's a solid 10/10 for ARPG lovers who like a challenge.

Worst drop rates i have ever seen in a game. Every Map feels like mobs got twice as strong while you didnt because lack of good EQ. Magic attacks from enemies are unreasonable powerful.

I want to say this is a great ARPG because of how great the combat looks and feels. However, I can't really tell someone they should play it because of one major issue: the loot. Every aspect of the game is littered with casino elements. Progress in every direction is predicated on taking an item using a rare orb to add a random extra effect of random intensity. Every step is based on RNG. 
Example of the joys getting the gear you need: have an item you think is the best thing you have found thus far? Use a vaal orb for a chance at another stat on it! Oh wow, every single stat you previously rolled has now been changed and the item is utter trash. It's corrupted now and you can't change anything about it. The end. 

TLDR, game's combat is great, but progress is gated behind casino logic and huge time investments. You need to no life or get a gambling addiction to truly enjoy.

So, my mate Johan - bless his gaming incompetence - hands me Path of Exile 2 like it's some divine gift, right? Imagine getting excited to play together, and then BAM! The character customization screen is smoother than a dolphin's backside, but when the gaming starts, the network decides to have a seizure with 2000ms ping. It's like trying to play chess during an earthquake - completely mental!

Path of Exile 2 is basically the Diablo 4's clever cousin who became a philosophy major, can quote Nietzsche at dinner, but can't figure out how to use a washing machine. Intelligent? Absolutely. Attractive? About as appealing as a wet sock left in a gym locker for a month!

Let's talk microtransactions, shall we? Oh, they're generous - they give you 300 points to start. Generous like a car salesman offering you free floor mats when you're buying a Ferrari! Ten dollars gets you a whopping 10 points, and a single tab costs 30 points. Want a skin? That'll be 400 points, mate. It's like paying rent for a virtual wardrobe!

The gold economy? More restricted than a nun's dating profile. You want a random ring? That'll be THOUSANDS of gold - which translates to hours of gameplay. Hours! I could learn a new language in the time it takes to afford one bloody ring! And skill points? Oh, they've created this massive, complex skill tree that makes quantum physics look like a children's connect-the-dots.

The screen zoom is so hilariously designed, it's clear they're more interested in showing off your expensive skin than actual gameplay. You'll be admiring your pixel-perfect outfit while getting murdered by mobs you can't even see. It's like being mugged while taking a selfie - absolutely brilliant!

Crafting? More painful than watching my nan try to use Snapchat. Every single crafting attempt is like playing Russian roulette with your virtual items. Can't even reset an item properly? It's madness!

They should rename this "Path of Lags 2" or "Path of Microtransactions 2".

The games fun but its horribly balanced.  I think most people can agree on that.

I want to recommend this game - I do "mostly" enjoy it and it does many things right.  But the devs attitude makes this game too niche for me to recommend this openly on steam.  I have been able to get through the content but thinking back, it just this pattern: manageable difficulty while you figure things out, then you get a groove and start having fun, then you hit a wall hard.  Then you bang you head on a wall, pour salt in your eyes, and take a stroll down the seventh layer of hell until you get past the wall.  Then you rinse and repeat over and over again.  The worst part is the ability to upgrade your gear is incredibly scarce, and when you have the ability to do it - its all gambling on whether it will be the modifiers you need/want.  

There are plenty of gamers who want a punishing game - what they always fail to understand is that they are a small representation of the population.  Why GGG refuses to have difficulty levels and why they think the original campaign needs to be so punishing I don't know.  And fine - feel free to read this and think "git gud".  But why take all the incredible game play they have here and gatekeep it behind asininely difficult walls of boss fights just peppered throughout - I don't know what type of gamer elitism fuels this but its gross.  

I don't get a sense of accomplishment overcoming these walls.... I get relief its over and I can continue with the GD game. The class combinations and combat is awesome - but boss encounters where 90% of the fight is dodge rolling isn't fun especially when you make everything split second reaction times.  Oh but the rest of the game is much slower and all about setting up and strategy.  There is just a huge disconnect - but the "in crowd" call these "gear checks" or "build checks" or whatever.  

There is a lot of good here but overall its another game that artificially reduces its player population potential by some ideology that matters to a single digit percentage of the gaming populace.  I will play this game more - I will try to be more positive in a future review as early access progresses - but the state of this game is not a general recommendation for the average gamer.

"This is game is garbage and I'm sick of pretending it's not"

Diablo 4 may be made by one of the worst companies in the world yes, but at least it's fun to play. This game makes WASD a requirement in an ARPG, what the hell is that? Half of the skill of playing an ARPG is character movement with the mouse! Don't 'fix' what isn't broke. If I wanted to play a twin-stick shooter I would go and do that okay devs? 

Also GGG is owned by Tencent, hope you enjoy paying in USD for skins which can cost up to $500 under the name 'supporter pack' - Just how much support do you need? Was the initial purchases not enough? Oh wait, you want me to buy stash space too (in USD of course)

Seriously, this game does nothing special or new, it's the same old thing only this time it's not fun and it's incredibly poorly balanced. 

Oh yeah... it's a console game now too guys, don't act like it's not. All the systems in the game are designed around console players! Don't believe me? Plug in a controller and watch half of the systems in the game auto pilot for you. 

I was gifted this game and didn't pay a single cent towards the price, but even then I wish I could still refund it because it's just that BAD.

Tried the game, got as far as the first encampment's loading screen when it crashed my whole computer and got my first BSoD with Windows. Very nice first impression for the PC version will be playing on PS5 to see if the same thing happens there. Has of right now I can't recommend the PC version. Might try it again after Early Access is over.

Not yet, wait for release.  Campaign is good, bosses are excellent, overall combat feels solid.  But skill selection is currently limited, crafting is awful, uniques feel like placeholders, maps are far too large, and the endgame is just tedious and unrewarding.  Foundation is good though, another 6-12 months of iteration and this could be great.

Not fun for more casual gamers. Needlessly grindy and too focused on being a nerd’s delight rather than a fun to play game.

Way, way too hard for an ARPG. This is basically a cross between a traditional ARPG and a souls-like game. The game is just focused on punishing you at all moments instead of simply offering an enjoyable and addictive experience that most ARPG's are known for.

This experience can change drastically based on what character type and build you go with, which inevitably leads to most players just using the same cookie-cutter builds from a website. It really defeats the purpose of having this many talent choices in the game when 99% of the combinations are bad.

I assumed the game would open up and provide a smoother and more rewarding experience as I leveled up, but I'm now 30 hours in and it is completely unenjoyable. I would get a refund if I could and not play this anymore.

Game was fun to start off. You quickly release this game is not designed for melee.

Gearing is some of the worse ive ever seen in any game. It is shocking. RNG drops. RNG perks on gear. RNG items to enhance gear.

Unfortunately the game hard locks my computer. There is an almost 300 page thread on the forum about this and the devs are not prioritizing it.

Will change this review after the fix.

Game constantly crashes and when you can get it to run the lag is horrendous, basically unplayable for so many people currently.

All they did was make the boss fights have more hp and do more damage. current as the wolf guy that transforms like 2-3 times, takes so long to do damage, and then he constantly cast abilitys. with some golds/uniques with cold resist(most of his abilitys are cold based). its not fun because i dodge 75% of his abilitys but it dont matter when he cast like 50+ by the time i get him 25%.  All the bosses have been "longer fights" thats about it.


A Critical Warning for Potential Players

I want to start by saying that I truly enjoy this game. When it works, it’s a fantastic experience, and I’ve played as much as I could despite major technical issues. Unfortunately, I feel compelled to warn others about a critical, long-standing bug that severely affects the game’s playability.

Since launch, the game has suffered from a serious issue that freezes PCs entirely, forcing a hard reset. This problem doesn’t discriminate between setups—it’s affecting powerful, high-end rigs as well as more modest systems. There are even reports from users claiming their PCs have been permanently damaged (“bricked”) due to these crashes.

In my case, I’ve endured multiple hard resets and even reinstalled Windows twice, thinking the forced shutdowns might have corrupted my system data. After all this frustration, I can no longer stay silent.

What’s equally disappointing is the lack of communication from the developers. Despite two forum threads with over 250 pages of user reports and discussions, there’s been no update or acknowledgment from the team for more than two weeks. This silence feels unacceptable given the severity of the issue and the number of players unable to enjoy the game.

I’m leaving this review as a warning to potential players: proceed with caution. While the game itself is excellent, the risk of encountering this critical error is significant, and the lack of response from the developers adds to the frustration. I hope they address this issue soon because the game has so much potential—but until then, I cannot recommend it.

I tried three different classes over 18 hours to get into the feeling of this game, but no, in the end I don't think it's worth it. I should like this game, but I can't because of the game itself and some extremely strange design decisions. For context, they flipped my original issues with POE 1, where I thought the gem and currency systems were too bloated and complicated but the gameplay, once you parsed through, was fun. Now the systems are clean and understandable (even if there're still too many currencies) but the gameplay is so. Unbearably. Boring. 

- Update: So, I still want to like the game and so I'm watching updates and giving it retries. I don't know how I forgot this, but there's a crashing issue that hasn't been addressed by GGG. Whenever I load there's a pretty good chance it's gonna crash my computer. Not just the game, no, the whole computer locks and freezes and can't be used until I hard reset. If they would mention it, I wouldn't be as pissed, but I've reached out, seen others reach out, and they're just not talking about it. I went back to try and see if the checkpoint update alleviates how slow and boring the game is, but I didn't get a chance to try because it crashed my PC. I'm getting to a point where I'd say fuck GGG and fuck this game. 

- They give you massive maps to explore with bosses and zones off the beaten path for loot, but the issue is that your character is just slow. They walk like they've never needed to do anything in their life and if you clear one side of the map, enjoy the multi-minute walk back to the other side.

- Loot feels awful. I rarely saw rares get dropped and I saw so many pieces for classes that weren't my own that a lot of the time that was what had filled my inventory. I never got a better belt or hands, or helmet, so I just never changed them. On top of that some of the currencies are what you need to enhance your skills and I didn't see some of them a single time.

- The inventory is ridiculously small and playing Tetris with it is not fun, actually. You'll be exploring then end up having to run back every ten minutes so you can sell or salvage stuff. 

- The game IS in EA, but there's an error that can cause your whole PC to just freeze up any time you see a loading screen. As in you have to hard reset it. I tried to reach out to them about it, but at the time of this writing they haven't addressed the issue and they had no help for me when I hit up support. I've had friends dealing with this and I've seen people on their Discord mention it. 

- They tout that their controller support is amazing, and I will say that they did a good job there, but it's not complete. Your overlay map cannot be moved if you're on controller, which exacerbates the issue of the massive maps. It's really disheartening to try and go somewhere on the map that you can't see only to find that you cleared it, but it was off the map and you couldn't pan over. Also, in the Ascensions, if you die, there's no button to move on, you just get stuck on the "You Died" screen.

- The MTX is wild. I respect that the game is F2P, or will be, and that you don't have to buy the stuff, but 35-40 USD was the CHEAPEST armor set in the store, and the in game armor is well made and looks good... but it's ugly as sin. Of the few legendaries I got (that were actually for my class) they didn't look at all unique, just another fantasy jacket or whatever.

- Nerfs! Again, they're in EA, they have to balance, but they're wrecking builds and not compensating for a respect for people effected. That sucks. They said it's EA, these characters won't be on 1.0, so why not offer respec tokens? This is some questionable "unfun decision making" like Remnant II and early days of Diablo IV.

- To whatever genius decided to lock you out of using KBM if you're on controller in the character select or vice versa... why? What is the benefit of that? ESPECIALLY when you're missing mapping and controls on controller. What if someone wants to controller for the gameplay then KBM for the menus? Who does that help?

If I could refund the game, I would. I don't think it's a fun game, systemically interesting and pretty, but it's not fun. I still hope they'll make changes to make it fun, but I think they'd have to be drastic to the point of GGG not wanting to.

2 characters in and i still can't pass act 3 Viper boss. As of now this is a waste of time and money, maybe when it's live things will improve but i doubt it.

Can't get enough gold to respec. Ascendancy is even more expensive to respec. 
Not enough gold to buy a item if it is in the shop. 
Damage nodes are few and far between. 
Skills are hard to cast and easily interrupted.
Damage received is very big compared to available defence. 

Don't think you'll join this game and have fun as a new player because you wont at this state of game.
Many fixes related to player/boss, minion, skills/environment collision needs to be addressed.

Many boss aoe effects are way to big to be dodged in 1 roll. Rolls cannot chain as you have to wait a reset time thus you still get damage. 
Chaos res is very rare.

I can't recommend this game to any new player.

In its current state, pretty much everything feels worse compared to PoE1, except the graphics. Dark souls like dodgeroll fiesta also gets annoying after a short while. I cant recommend this, yet. There is potential and GGG is usually pretty good at listening to players, so lets see what the future holds.

Game is way too hard. Balancing the entire game around constantly dodge rolling is beyond bad and not fun what so ever. I don't want to play Dark Souls boss's every 20 minutes in an ARPG. Attacking once or twice and spamming dodge roll constantly is so boring. Trash game.

Fun game ruined by absurdly poor boss fight balance design and non-existent loot in a looter arpg

Plenty of time to fix the flaws considering its technically still in early access, but this should have been fixed already

6/10 - still have not fixed the basic issues like the game locking up your entire fucking PC, dont buy until they actually fix the game and stop fucking with abilities until after the game is playable.

Both of the trials for ascendancy are the least fun thing I've encountered in any game period.

OK. So I put over 80 hours since the game dropped and here is way I don't recommend it in its current state;

- Difficulty: Initially I didn't mind the difficulty of the game. I was hoping it starts off really difficult with powerful bosses, but as you progress, the game will reward your efforts of farming and character development by making the game easier as you gain skills. That's not the case. No matter how much you progress, no matter how well you build your character, the game stays sweaty af. Doable, but sweaty. It's all well for a Dark souls game to be difficult, but how many of us keep playing Dark Souls for months on end? This is not dark souls, stop treating it like it is. I want to replay this game over and over again with different characters and experiment with different builds. I definitely don't want to replay it over and over again when the game is this difficult.

- Loot; wtf is going on with the loot??? You barely see any rare drops, let alone unique drops, but that would be okay. I explained to myself that the game is trying to encourage us to use the crafting mechanics to create our own equipment and that would be somewhat acceptable (albeit very lazy from the development side,) except - get this - THERE ARE BARELY ANY CURRENCY DROPS. I am at level 70 and I have to grind hours in the endgame for a single exalted orb. In 80+ hours I didn't manage to get a single chance orb. So you don't get equipment drops, but cannot craft either and just keep sweating trying to farm non existing crafting currencies. Why would they do that? Why would *I* do that??

- Endgame content; Okay. You soldiered through 6 acts. Your neck hurts from being tense just trying not to die through every single damned map. no matter how good you are, some clown will explode on death and that's you one shot dead. Or blow up corpses under your feet from 20 meters away and you will literally never see it coming. There is nothing you can do about it either, because I have 60% evasion and shocked enemies get blinded AND maimed and I have 100% chance to shock, but somehow these blinded and maimed enemies can hit me with ranged weapons about 50% of the time... With 60% evasion. Someone please work that out for me, because I can't. So anyways... You soldiered through just trying to get to the endgame content where you can have fun, but nope. It gets worse. You open the portal(S) to your desired map, 6 gates open, but when you die - get this- YOU CANNOT GO BACK, LOSE THE MAP AAAANNNDDDD LOSE XP AS WELL. I mean this is just salt in the wound, a spit in the face of the gamer.

I am done with this. Hey Devs, I doubt you'll read this, but if you do... Do you know how many hours I played with POE 1? almost 1000. Do you know how many hours I played with Dark souls? less than 100. Just saying. if it ain't broke... why did you just break it? For anyone who says "bUt tHIs iS jUsT EaRLy AcCesS" shut up. I don't want to hear it. Early access is not beta. We paid money for this, we're not f****ng game testers, they get paid. We are paying customers who want to play a functioning, enjoyable game, this is not that. For anyone else who says, "gIt gOoD" you know where to go. You are in the wrong genre, the wrong game, take your DS bs back to where it belongs. ARPGs are there to have you feel overpowered with a good build because that is literally the reward for your grind!! Your power is your reward and that was taken away, so now it's just a sweaty game that sh*ts on you whenever it can. Definitely avoid if you're new to the genre but also avoid if you're a POE 1 fan. You'll be bitterly dissappointed and if you aren't... If you say you enjoy the difficulties and the stingy drops etc. you're either lying, trolling or there is something wrong with you.

Update: 2 out of 3 maps also crashes the game. You lose your map period. I'm done. I'm 100% out. This game is an utter disappointment and craps on all the fans who built this game. Well done.

Game is fine, its a good introduction to Path of Exile. But I can't recommend it in its current state after playing the endgame, wait for full release or play PoE 1. PoE 1 is much much better in every area besides maybe the campaign store and bosses even if it is more complicated. 

For PoE players this game is just Ruthless with a fresh coat of paint, it has very little endgame content and far less build diversity and complexity. They completely gutted crafting to where you pretty much just pick up a base and exalt slam it.

Loading screen freezes my PC very often and I'm not even able to shut down the game, all I can do is restart PC. I'm waiting for fix this technical problem, because right now it's unplayable.

Too long, don't wanna read EA Review:
First 3 acts are great, even the stand-in "cruel" difficulty acts are fine.
Endgame, no. 
If you're impatient then hop in and join the fun. Otherwise, the full release will likely be better if you wait.

Campaign is solid and what we have currently makes me excited for the rest.
Moment to moment gameplay is engaging and feels really good, WASD movement is fantastic and I'm surprised it took this long, hoping that gets adopted by other games in the genre going forward. Pausing is an awesome feature too.
Balancing aside as it's only a week in, but build variety is looking good. Many options for each class, with many variations between them with the subclasses. Really excited for all the options when we have all the classes out.
BUT.
It is readily apparent that they pivoted to push endgame out the door for EA.
It just isn't very fun, mostly because it's PoE 1 design in a game trying to distance itself from that.
By the time you hit endgame it's back to blasting the whole map with a single ability, instantly killing everything and everything instantly killing you. Modifiers like burning ground are unfun, sometimes hardly visible, and they couldn't forget to bring back mobs exploding on death for added random one shots. Which just makes the whole one life per map thing way too punishing, and for co-op especially is a kick in the teeth since revive gets disabled.
And the ascendancy trials. Holy fucking shit.
Whoever thought that SANCTUM and ULTIMATUM should be the replacements for Labyrinth is a lunatic who needs to locked up. Aside from being horrible content, the balancing on these two modes is atrocious. When the community's only solution to people not being able to complete either of these two modes is "just overlevel it" then clearly it isn't well designed.
The problem only gets worse in endgame. Getting one attempt at a boss who can 2-3 shot your honor bar in sanctum, especially after having just ran the rest of the dungeon for 20 minutes is infuriating. Players 10, 15 even 20 levels above may not be able to complete the trials needed for their ascendancy points, made even worse by the atrocious drop rates for these tokens making it hard to even attempt the trials.
The way the game is currently, I'd rather just make a new character and build than play anything past level 70 at this point.
While I'm glad that endgame is already here so that feedback can be provided and the systems improved, jeez, what a rough first draft.

Is it gonna get better? I have almost no doubt that it will. GGG can be stubborn about some design choices but at the end of the day they clearly want to make something that can be enjoyed.
But if you can stomach not being a part of the "cool new thing" for about a year, save yourself the trouble and wait. The only thing that'll carry over to release is microtransactions anyway.

After leveling 3 toons 2 about 40 ish,
Not got to End Game yet,
I can say, this game is fun in a good pace.
Nice build up in campain, No need for rushing.
Love it.
9/10

-1 for its so addictive :D

I had never played PoE 1 but decided to give this a try after really enjoying Diablo. If you enjoy the endgame in Diablo and want a more challenging experience that has a lot more depth and importance in crafting / gear / etc then this game is for you. Game will be free on full release with the only really game changing micro-transactions being extra/special stash tabs for you and your guild. Also if you are looking to get the premium currency PLEASE BUY A PACK AND DO NOT BUY CURRENCY DIRECTLY. The packs cost $30+ to get/upgrade but you will get a 1=1 premium currency conversion when buying a pack and will ALSO get all the skins/extras that the pack includes. DO NOT BUY PREMIUM CURRENCY DIRECTLY FROM THE STORE BUY A PACK.

The game crashes too frequently to play so I will update this if that's fixed

Core game play is fun but its overshadowed by the worst trading system in history. Its early access and there are quite a few bugs that you could probably just ignore but there is no convenient way of reporting bugs in game. Community is delusional and refuses to accept any critique on the game.

I enjoyed the leveling experience. From the early impressions and good feelings of expertly timing dodges to tweaking my minion-less Blood Mage build to nearly 1 shot bosses and ignore all mechanics. The passive skill tree was fun to explore and seeing things be effective immediately was extremely satisfying.

I played on the standalone client, dedicating an unhealthy amount of time across 10 days straight. I switched to the Steam client at the end to quickly see if performance was any better. It was not. 

The network stuttering was the main thing which made the grind inevitably unbearable. Throw in all the documented cases of unaddressed performance issues and bugs and you have yourself a grand experience for sure. I don't mind dying to BS if it was a skill issue, over-tuned mobs, or just being unlucky. I don't mind the challenge and difficulty. I DO mind the game stutters, unresponsive skills, sound cuts, frame skips, game freezes/unfreezes, and a plethora of other performance issues simply if you play too long. The fact that you have to restart your PC entirely to fix some issues is ridiculous. 

In hindsight, a lot of the other experience is mediocre for the time and effort you put in...
[list]
[*]The RNG/gamble infested loot tables are filled to the brim with garbage. There is nothing better than having your Level 4 drop be better for your build than drops at 60+. The excitement of getting a unique is completely lost when you see how terrible the majority uniques actually are. The number of different orbs and items to identify and "control" the item RNG is just excessive. I get the appeal of complexity, but the loot systems are just lazily put together and an unsatisfying experience for no reason.
[*]A ton of visual nonsense. Traveling through the dense and detailed maps is visually appealing when empty; however, when your clearing mobs, it gets in the way of actually seeing what you are fighting and knowing what is going on.
[*]Trash mobs are more threatening than bosses. The off screen, instant reactions, and instant skill procs of mobs are not enjoyable when there are performance issues out the wazoo. I wouldn't be surprised if this game was mining bitcoin in the background. If the intent was to play slow and methodically rather than screen clearing your way through maps...PoE2 is failing in any range of the two.
[/list]

Even with all the mediocrity, the performance is what makes me unable to continue. PoE2 just not worth my continued time investment yet. I guess I'll wait for the actual release and reconsider.

PoE2 ends when you get to maps. Everything after is just PoE1 with no balance or directional thought in sight.

Game does not respect your time. The devs purposely made it a pain to do anything. Completely not beginner friendly. Early access is not an excuse for this.

Finished the campaign, never had to speak to Donan, follow Donan or do any other Donan-related things. 10/10

Actually incredibly frustrated with this game, to the point I am writing a review, I dont do reviews, people should be free to make their own choices and opinions without reading flavour text, but I would actually be remiss if I said nothing. This game provided me with 18 hours of fun, enjoyment and exitement, however despite the gameplay and graphical awesomness it is, its horrendously un optimised. I have now had crash after crash, loading pages that dont work. Constant OVERFLOW BUFFER ERROR. 

Overall opinion, this game needs time to cook. And please "early access" should mean that there will be updates and changes and improvements over time, not that I have to be happy to accept sub standard performance of the actual game and a waste of my limited time to rectifiy the issues at the moment.

I have thousands of hours in poe1 and leveled up a melee Titan to level 85 in the Early Access. In it's current state, I can't recommend the game. 

The constant crashes, dumbed down skill and tree system, uninteresting uniques, random damage spikes in high tier maps, snail's pace campaign and a plentitude of other terrible game design decisions (like the barely visible tiny random on death effects, a potion well that only exist because diablo 2 had one, etc) vastly overshadow the excelent music, art and boss design.

I'm sure this game will eventually be good, but right now, just wait for the next poe1 league.

A ton of crashes, so grindy, maps are boring as fuck... Have to pay a shit ton of money for any reliable build that they are gonna nerf in the next patch anyways.

Still better than Diablo 4.

It seems that with Path of Exile 2, Grinding Gear Games has formulated a slower and more methodical game-play experience. Fewer, stronger enemies require a thoughtful approach to combat that includes combos, various status effects, and dodging hard-hitting attacks. A combination of the brand new added player dodge-roll mechanic, improved fluidity of the character movement, and upgraded graphics makes Path of Exile 2 an absolute pleasure to play.

Mapping sucks and I cannot overstate how important that is.

Mapping is the core gameplay loop of an ARPG and because of that it’s the game main selling point.

Mapping sucks because is a mixture of the game being hard (I’m playing titan) and also punishing with both experience and map progress. 
Mapping in PoE1 was very addicting because at that stage of the game you would cruise through mobs, which is was very mechanically satisfying.

Yes poe1 was easy (mechanically) because it focused purely on fun and not struggle.
PoE1 was hardcore when it came down to knowledge, but PoE2 is hardcore level difficult just for the sake of being difficult. I want to play something that challenges me like Dark souls where I don’t feel I’m regressing if I lose and that I’m always welcome to he try with no barriers.

If I didn’t lose the map when i die the game would get 70% better for me. Keep it mechanically hard but let me try again (and either raise exp gain or tone down the exp penalty)

The bosses are hard, a lot of skills, incredible gameplay, and so on... And when the game is done, it's going to be free to play. Cound't ask for a better deal.

I historically hate ARPGs, but a friend passed me a code for this and I decided for the sake of science I'd give it a spin and uhhhhhhhhhhh.

Yeah, okay. For the first time ever, I see the hype. This game is incredible. If you want some intelligent and informed breakdown of why I like it then I'm sorry but I can't offer one because I'm not that familiar with ARPGs, but I can say this: Diablo 4 lost me almost immediately, but PoE 2 already has me at 25 hours and I can't wait to put in another 25.

TLDR: Mixed feelings on the game as it is.  It's not worth spending money for EA.  If you're going to play it, play a ranged character.  Melee is awful. 

I started with warrior and melee feels awful.  Almost all the skills have travel animation/repositioning, and in an ARPG where almost all the mobs are constantly zerging you using those skills can fuck you over.  What you end up with is auto-attacking most mobs until you can get some chain effect off of a stun.  Meanwhile you're stuck trying to stay on top of bosses/mobs to deal damage.  Bosses ability spam, so you're weaving in occasional auto attacks on them hoping to build a stun meter up enough to get a bit of a damage burst.   This sucks, and I don't have it in me to suffer through this low level play until some sort of usable kit emerges for the character.

I switched to a necro and the difference between melee and ranged is absurd. I cleared the same amount of content in half the /played time with no deaths on the necro.  With melee I was averaging 1 death/level. 

I think the way I heard it best put is that if you're playing melee, you're playing a Souls game (without the Fromsoft magic).  If you're playing ranged, you're playing a twin stick shooter.  Melee needs a lot of work.

[h1] Is Path of Exile 2 worth it? (early access review) [/h1]

First impressions: PoE 2 is very different from the first game as it's a lot slower and has a few different mechanics, one being the dodge roll. It masterfully combines challenging gameplay with incredible story depth, to create one of the most engaging action-RPG experiences available, in my opinion.

[h2] Gameplay experience is amaaazing! [/h2] 
The combat feels dynamic and skill-intensive, with additions like dodge-rolling and WASD support making battles thrilling and responsive. Unlike many ARPGs, a lot of the fights (vs all creatures, not just bosses) demands strategy, ESPECIALLY against challenging bosses with unique attack patterns. The gameplay is definitely a lot harder than POE 1.

[h2] Diverse classes [/h2] 
Each class offers distinct playstyles—from the agile Ranger dodging blows to the armour-clad Warrior charging into the fray, or the Witch commanding undead minions. This variety ensures replayability and caters to different player preferences.

[h2] Customisable builds [/h2] 
With its colossal skill trees, customisable gems that no longer require links, and layered progression systems, Path of Exile 2 rewards players who love fine-tuning their characters. The complexity might be daunting, but it’s a paradise for those seeking ultimate optimisation.

[h2] Immersive stories across the board [/h2] 
Though the story isn’t necessarily groundbreaking, its world-building is compelling, with intriguing characters and cultures that enrich the journey. While loot can feel underwhelming at times (something GGG have acted upon by increasing specific drop rates), and the early-access structure makes progression slightly repetitive, these drawbacks are minor compared to the game's strengths.






Overtuned and frustrating. Needs different difficulty settings so you can pick what level of B.S.suits you.

[h1] THE BEST ARPG OF ALL TIME [/h1]
Path of Exile 2 feels like a beautifully twisted blend of classic ARPG depth and the unforgiving atmosphere of Dark Souls.

clunky ass dodge roll, annoying lingering aoe bs on the ground, gear "crafting" is terrible and the sense of difficulty is just bad, it's not difficult, everything is just too tanky and deals too much damage since you're undergeared most of the time

TBH game is simply boring. Hot take D4 is better, and I dont even like D4 all that much lol. This game is for the very few hardcore players that like brain dead grinding, and streamers that dont anything else to stream atm.

If you're on the fence about forking over 30 bucks, just wait till launch for free.

very good Arpg, very modular, feels like diablo 2 / dark souls?.
no more a LOT OF GARBAGE drops on screen.
10/10

The game is great! BUT sometimes when Im loading into a new area my pc freezes completely and I can't do anything other than force shutdown.

I saw that more people are having the same problem and I hope it will be resolved in an upcoming patch because I'm really enjoying the game.